 The statements include a discussion of certain non-GAP financial measures, which are intended to supplement and not be substitutes for comparable gap measures. Reconciliation of such supplemental information to the comparable gap measures will be included as part of today's presentation and in our earnings release. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer Brett Ponte. Brett. Thank you, Boreen. And good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'll get started today with a brief overview of our third quarter results followed by an update on the progress we've made on our Monroe Forward Strategy. As illustrated on slide three, we reported COPS down 0.9 percent in the third quarter as higher year over year ticket was offset by negative traffic. In October and the beginning of November, we performed well against difficult comparisons in the prior year. The mild weather conditions towards the end of November and in December cause the slowdown across our core northern markets. These conditions have continued into January with our comparable store sales down 4 percent during the month. We do not like talking about the weather, however, it is impossible to ignore the impact it has on our business. While we are not satisfied with our financial results this quarter, we are executing well against the areas within our control. In particular, we continue to move deeper into our company transformation and our confident we are on the right path. We are committed to making the necessary changes across our organization to position us to deliver strong results no matter the external circumstances. Moving on to our performance by category in the third quarter, we were down 1 percent year over year and tires comparable store sales. Our higher ticket year over year was offset by a decline in tire volume. We experienced more normalized retail pricing in this quarter and are focused on further refining our tire strategy to drive strength in our largest category. Importantly, we are on track to roll out our tire category management and pricing system beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, which will enable a more dynamic and sophisticated approach to real-time pricing. We will provide more details on this shortly. According to our service and repair categories, we saw a 3 percent decline in breaks year over year, falling short of a difficult comparison in the third quarter last year. In maintenance, we were flat while front-end shocks were down 1 percent in alignment to climb 3 percent year over year. Overall, our southern markets outperformed our northern markets as expected given the mild winter weather conditions we faced in this region. These stores added 22.7 million in revenue during the quarter, including 20.7 million from recent acquisitions. Regarding our most market performance during the quarter, we saw a decline of 20 basis points compared to the prior year period primarily driven by the decrease in our comparable store sales, which resulted in higher fixed cost with the percentage of sales. Our variable margin, on the other hand, expanded due to lower year over year material cost was a percentage of sales, while slightly higher than the prior year quarter technician labor as a percentage of sales decreased sequentially from last quarter. This is a good example of us executing well against the areas within our control. We identified issues last quarter that arose from our transformation and took corrective action to drive improved results. We will have additional opportunities to continue to improve results in this area as we implement our cloud-based store staffing and scheduling model towards the end of this fiscal year, which would be critical for us to seamlessly adjust the changes in demand dynamics without sacrificing sales. I now like to turn to the progress we made in our Memorial Forward Strategy, beginning with our store rebrand and re-image initiative on slide 4. This initiative focuses on creating a more consistent store appearance while also implementing standardized in-store operating procedures, which we call our Monroe Playbook. Additionally, we are rebranding select stores to a tire-oriented banner where targeted demographics favor this type of store format in order to increase tire sales without sacrificing service revenues. During the first half of fiscal 2020, we finalized the transformations of our first group of stores, which includes 44 locations in Rochester, New York and the Mid-Atlantic, as well as the second group, which includes 43 stores in our southern market. During the third quarter, we continued to scale this initiative across our base and moved forward with the transformation of 74 stores in four markets and 42 of our recently acquired California stores. We have completed the transformation of the 74 stores and have substantially completed our California stores, which are being rebranded under our tire choice auto service centers banner to drive higher awareness for tires. Turning to slide 5, I'd like to provide some additional context regarding our strategic rationale as we transform our store base. As many of you know, we operate in two store formats. Our service brand stores, which generate approximately $600,000 per store in annualized sales and our tire brand stores, which generate approximately $1.2 million per store in annualized sales. Prior to any rebrand activity, we operated 555 service brand stores and 734 tire brand stores. And as we worked to create a nationwide chain of consistently operated stores, we are prioritizing the higher volume tire brand. Throughout this process, we will be consolidating our regional brands, focusing on shifting our service brands over the tire brand. The lower number of brands will also allow us to improve our marketing productivity. While we speak to re-imaging stores, this primarily means modernizing the appearance of our stores with no associated brand change. As we are making decisions regarding rebranding versus re-imaging stores, we are leveraging our analytical model as well as taking into account our brand equity in that market. Looking at the bottom left of the slide, you can see here the progress we have made so far. We are very much in the early innings of this transformation with 200 re-stores substantially completed out of our portfolio. We separated these stores out between comp stores and non-com stores, which helps us to evaluate their performance post-re-fresh. Of our approximately 900 comp stores that we set out to transform, we have completed 134 stores and of our approximately 150 non-com stores, we have substantially completed 69. As we move forward with expanding this program across our base, we will continue to prioritize markets that we expect will drive the largest benefit to our sales performance and our approach we measured in order to keep sales disruption to a minimum. Through the end of this fiscal year, we are focusing on finalizing the transformation of our recently acquired California stores while starting the transformation of approximately 80 more stores that will be completed in Q1 of FY21. Moving on to the performance of the stores we have completed so far, it helps provide some additional granularity. We separated out how re-branded stores have performed versus the stores that have just been re-imaged. Importantly, this data only includes comp stores that have had a full quarter of performance following the completion of their transformation. This is how we will speak to this performance of our transformed stores moving forward. As you can see, in in line with our expectations, we see a significant sales lift when we re-brand stores. This shift optimizes our brand awareness and increases our tire sales without sacrificing our service revenues. The stores that have been re-imaged were slightly down as these are located in our northern markets, which were impacted by the mild weather conditions I mentioned earlier. We believe this performance clearly highlights the strong opportunity we have and the benefits to come with a streamlined brand portfolio. The 74 stores that we recently completed and are not included in this calculation, given they have not had a full quarter post transformation yet, but we are still – we are seeing early signs of strength to these stores and our pleas with results. While we still have a while to go to roll this program out to our entire base, the sustained performance we've seen at the stores that have completed the transformation today, we understand the impact of this important initiative. Turning to slide six, and the remainder of our road forward initiatives, I'd like to focus my discussion on the initiatives that are top priority, which we will be able to be critical to supporting our broader strategy. In a third quarter, we began modernizing our store IT infrastructure at all of our approximately 1,300 locations. This new infrastructure enables state-of-the-art technology, including our new digital phone and texting system, which is a major step towards improving the overall customer experience. This system will allow us to better track customer execution, drive in a more consistent phone strategy, and improve conversion. Our store infrastructure modernization will be completed by the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2021, allowing us to leverage our new phone system, which will be critical to driving traffic to our stores. Another priority for us is the optimization of our entire category management. We are on track, and by the end of this fiscal year, we expect our new pricing software will be operational. We believe this will be critical to driving long-term margin expansion by providing improved visibility into demand dynamics, allowing us to better refine our assortment, and execute our strategy to become the number one destination for tires at any price point. Finally, we are right on track to roll out our cloud-based or scheduling model pilot by year in. Gating real-time visibility into our labor model via the cloud will help us be more effective in strategic, ensuring we are not understaffed in losing sales or overstaffed when there is a lack of demand. Regarding our other team-mate initiatives, we have rolled out the Monroe University program to all of our teammates in our continuing to expand and enhance the course content. We have also implemented mandatory onboard training to ensure that everyone who joins our team is trained on our Monroe Playbook operating procedures in order to provide a quality five-star experience to our customers. Moving on to slide seven, while we are very focused on the rollout of Monroe Forward, acquisitions remain a cornerstone of our gross strategy. In a quarter, we closed the previously announced acquisitions of three companies, one with 14 locations in Las Vegas, Nevada, and four in Boise, Idaho, as well as two companies that include nine stores in Northern California, further solidifying our growing position in the Western United States. Our presence in this region allows us to better service national accounts as well as benefit from the high concentration of vehicles in this market and a potential long-term consumer shift to ride sharing. The acquisition in the Nevada and Idaho, which are new states to Monroe, is expected to add approximately 20 million in annualized sales, represented sales mix of 75% service and 25% tires. The acquisitions in California are expected to add approximately 25 million in annualized sales, represented sales mix of 55% service and 45% tires. These acquisitions are expected to be diluted to diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2020. Overall, acquisitions announced and completed in fiscal 2020 collectively represent and expected 120 million in annualized sales. We operate in a very fragmented industry with significant opportunities for further consolidation, and we believe we are well positioned to continue to execute on our robust pipeline of attractive M&A targets. We currently have over 10 NDA signed with opportunities ranging from five to 40 stores, which we believe will allow us to maintain our leadership position in the markets we serve while continuing to expand our geographic footprint into attractive and underserved regions. Further, by continuing to execute our Monroe Forward initiatives, including our new brand standards and operating procedures, we expect to integrate our new acquisitions more effectively and efficiently. Lastly, we open one green fill location during third quarter, bringing our total green fill store openings to seven in fiscal 2020. In conclusion, we are confident we are on the right track to drive future success in our business. We are in the early innings of a significant company transformation that will result in a platform capable of delivering sustainable long-term growth. We are not there yet nor do we expect our results to be linear as we move through the transformation, but we are committed to driving the necessary changes to improve our business, making the appropriate course corrections when necessary, and executing well against the areas within our control. I'd like to thank the entire team at Monroe for their exceptional work as we execute this strategy, as well as our customers and shareholders for their continued support. With that, I'll turn the call over to our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Brian D. Embroidery, who will provide additional details on our third quarter financial performance in fiscal 2020 Outlook. Thank you, Brett. Good morning, everyone. Turning to slide eight in our performance during the quarter, sales increased 6.2 percent year-over-year to $329.3 million. Driven by sales from new stores of $22.7 million, including $20.7 million from recent acquisition. Partially offset by a decrease in sales from close stores of approximately $0.8 million. Same-store sales in the quarter were down 0.9 percent year-over-year. The third quarter of fiscal 2020 had 89 selling days in line with the previous year period. Rose Margin decreased 20 basis points to 37.8 percent in the third quarter of fiscal 2020 from 38 percent in the prior year period. This decrease was partially due to an increase in distribution and occupancy costs as a percentage of sales as we lost leverage on these largely fixed costs with lower comparable store sales. However, as Brett mentioned, we saw improvements in our variable margin driven by lower material costs as a percentage of sales. Operating expenses for the quarter increased $5.5 million to $92.8 million or $28.2 percent of sales is compared with $87.3 million or $28.1 percent of sales for the prior year period. The year-over-year dollar increase includes expenses from 103 net new stores. Our operating income for the third quarter was $31.6 million, which increased by 2.8 percent is compared to operating income of $30.7 million for the same quarter last year and decreased as a percentage of sales from 9.9 percent to 9.6 percent. Not interest expense for the third quarter increased $0.2 million to $7 million as compared to $6.8 million in the same period last year. The weighted average debt outstanding for the third quarter of fiscal 2020 increased by approximately $112 million is compared to the prior year period. The increase is primarily related to an increase in financing lease debt recorded in connection with our fiscal 2020 acquisitions in Greenfield expansion as well as an increase in debt outstanding under our revolving credit facility to fund the purchase of our acquisition. The weighted average interest rate for the third quarter decreased by approximately 140 basis points year-over-year due to lower liboard and prime interest rates as well as lower bar in rates associated with new leases. Our effective tax rate was 24.1 percent for the third quarter compared to 15.3 percent for the same period last year. The year-over-year increase is primarily due to a one-time income tax benefit adjustment we realized in the prior year related to a retroactive accounting method change, which was related to certain deductions that the IRS accepted during the examination of our fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2017 tax return. That income for the third quarter was $18.9 million compared to $20.5 million in the prior year period. Deluted earnings per share for the third quarter of fiscal 2020 were 56 cents compared to the deluted earnings per share of 61 cents in the third quarter of fiscal 2019. Adjusted deluted earnings per share, which is a non-gap measure for the third quarter of fiscal 2020 was 60 cents, which excludes from deluted earnings per share three cents of costs related to Monroe Forward initiatives and one cent of costs related to acquisition due diligence and integration. This compares to adjusted deluted earnings per share of 57 cents in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, which is excluded one cent of costs related to Monroe Forward initiatives, one cent of non-recurring corporate and field management realignment costs and six cents benefit from the one-time income tax adjustment. For more information on this non-gap measure, please see the reconciliation of adjusted deluted earnings per share to deluted earnings per share in our earnings release. Lastly, we opened one greenfield locations during the third quarter. As a reminder, greenfield stores include new construction as well as the acquisition of one-to-four store operations. Greenfield locations on average are expected to add approximately $1 million each in annual sales. As of December 28, 2019, the company had 1,289 company operated stores in 99 franchise locations as compared with 1,186 company operated stores in 99 franchise locations as of December 29, 2018. During the third quarter, we added 27 company operated stores and closed none. According to slide 9, we continued to maintain our discipline approach to capital allocation as we execute our growth strategy. Our capital expenditures were $42.2 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2020, of which approximately $18 million was related to investment in our Monroe Forward initiative. We are pleased with the progress of our Monroe Forward strategy and we continue to expect an incremental $75 million in capital expenditures above our normal run rate over five years to support investments in store re-image and technology. Additionally, a creative acquisition support our growth strategy. During the first nine months of the year, we spent approximately $104 million on acquisition, including one-to-four store acquisitions completed as part of our greenfield expansion strategy. As Brett mentioned, acquisitions announced and completed in fiscal 2020 collectively represent an expected $120 million in annualized sales. I'd like to provide some additional clarity here. The $120 million in sales represents the expected run rate for these stores once they have been fully integrated, which as we've stated in the past is usually in year three post-to acquisition. During years one and two following the acquisition, we typically see a step down in sales given the process of onboarding new stores to our model. Moving on, we continue to be committed to returning capital to our shareholders through our dividend program and paid approximately $22 million in dividends in the first nine months of fiscal 2020. Finally, we remain focused on maintaining a solid balance sheet with ample flexibility to support our strategic growth initiative. We entered the third quarter with strong leverage ratios and have ample room under our financial covenant. We generated approximately $125 million of cash flow from operating activities during the first nine months of fiscal 2020 and debt under our revolving credit facility increased by approximately $59 million. Now turning to our outlook for fiscal 2020 on slide 10. We have updated our fiscal 2020 comparable store sales guidance range to a decrease of 1%.