 Ah, weekend. Didn't do much on Friday. Saturday I had a friend's party to go to and then in the afternoon I just babysat my son. Had a pretty quiet night, Saturday night. But on Sunday my son and I drove up to Sydney to watch the Sydney Swans play North Melbourne. So we just drove up and back in a day and it was a great time. That was the SCG. Yeah I think it was actually. First time ever. So it was my son's first footy match too. I am. I'm actually from Perth originally so I used to be a Dockers supporter and my wife is from Canberra so she was a Essendon supporter and when my son came along there was no way we were getting down to Melbourne often and Canberra doesn't have a team and Dockers never play in Canberra so we decided to go for something a little bit more local and something we could all go for together. Swans won by at least 30 points. Good win. No I don't. I would assume it's, I actually know it's Jude Bolton I think. That's a good question. I would imagine around 18. Do you know the answer to that? Oh ok. Well I think it's 18. We counted them up but I couldn't be sure. It's just over 3 hours. We stopped at Goulburn at McDonalds on the way up so we could have some lunch and then we stopped for a pit stop at Sutton Forest. Oh no the one after Sutton Forest. And then yeah so it was about 3 and a half hours. Closer to 4 maybe? No, no I had 3 quarters of a tank on the way up so it was enough to get me up there and then just filled up on the way back. It was the Shell at Sutton Forest. No I don't I think it was 23 because I remember after I walked in I'd forgotten which pump it was so I had to look back out. No I didn't. No not particularly. I think maybe I was just tired and on automatic pilot wanted to pay for the petrol and get out of there. It does. 110. Not a kilometre over. Yeah. Which means it would have been under because I think the speedometers on cars are generally set over rather than under so yeah. Well yeah I did have the GPS up and it was only about 106 I think so yeah. It's on my iPhone actually. I've got the TomTom app so which is just excellent because you don't have to carry an extra GPS. You don't have to worry about it whether you've thought to pack it or not. You've just always got it with you so it's great. It does. I usually switch it off though especially for a long drive to Sydney because it just comes up at random times and tells you and you're just like I know where I'm going. I'm just saying what the speed is and how long it is to go. It's quite accurate. It tells you when you're going to arrive like gives you an estimation when you're going to arrive and if you keep going at the general speed it's pretty it's usually within five minutes. Yeah. Yeah. Past one just coming into Canberra just off the Federal Highway. Turn left to go on Horse Park Drive. Sorry it's Medurah Parkway and it was just there on the left. It was one of those, it wasn't a police radar it was the local ACT government vans so it was white. I was listening to my iPhone so I was listening to Hamish and Andy the blog cast, webcast, whatever it is, podcast. No I'm quite a few behind actually so it was good because my son was in the back sleeping at this stage so it allowed me to catch up on a few of the podcasts I hadn't listened to. Lots of different things. The last one they were talking about Hamish Blake's nomination for the Logie Award and it was funny because they usually take the piss out of the Logies and they thought that the Logies were using this as an opportunity to try and sway their vote, sorry sway them from taking the piss out of them all the time so they sort of said, oh it was very funny, they said they weren't going to do that. Every week and I'm sure they do other sort of gigs as well but they keep going, it was amazing. Yeah it sort of reminds me of Seinfeld you know, a show about nothing, they just pick on little things and just run with it, they make it so funny. The Gap Year? Yeah I did, yeah I watched it. I mean I didn't think it was that as funny, I thought there was some funny things about it but I think the radio podcast, I think they're better suited to radio, but I see they're going to Europe to do a second Gap Year. Yeah exactly, it'll be interesting. Well it was controversial, I had to sort of, you know coming up from Canberra I wanted to find out where the best place to park was and to get out so we ended up parking on the grass out the front of the SCG, they have a parking spot where you pay 20 bucks and you can park in there but we left probably 8 minutes before the end of the quarter just so we can get out before the traffic. I didn't want to fancy sitting in traffic for an hour and then driving home for four. But the result was already decided by then. We were in the red zone, my wife bought me a membership this year for Christmas so we were, I can't remember the number I think it was 17, sort of just behind the goals, a little to the right, none. Yeah we bought large chips and sausage roll and some sauce and split that between us. No it was actually reasonably priced, it was $10.60 or something, so you're right I was sort of expecting $25 or something, some outrageous price but it was quite reasonable. Yeah it was the morning when we left, I went to the shops to go to the chemist to get some medication and I withdrew 100 bucks just thinking I might need some cash while I'm up there because I was running a little bit low so I grabbed some cash and yeah it was the morning off, so Sunday morning. Capital chemists at Corwell Shops. Yeah it's National Australia Bank so I was a ready teller and that's the one I can get free withdrawals on. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Cool, easy.