 Right, last weekend, Friday night after work, the plan was to go meet up with some friends, however her husband and child came down sick, so we actually changed our plans and instead, what did I do? I went home and we just had a casual dinner at home, so we had no plans for dinner prior to that because we thought we were going out, so I think we just had some easy meals that we had in the freezer, so we just had frozen fish and frozen vegetables, they were still quite. Then what did we do? We watched a DVD series from DVD at the moment, so we watched a couple of episodes of that and then ended it up and we were probably in bed by about 10. Saturday, what did I do Saturday? Saturday, we got up and went for a ride, so we got up and left about 8.30 and went for a nice long ride around the Canberra Lake, so Lake Burley Griffin, so just did a direct ride, didn't stop for coffee this time like we normally do and then returned home and just basically did chores around the house, so exciting stuff like vacuuming and cleaning the bathroom and just tidying up some paperwork and playing with the kitty cat and Saturday night we again had plans to go out and they got cancelled, so we did a similar thing, we just had a casual dinner at home. So we had a beef stir fry, so I made my husband cook it and I chopped it up for him and again we were nerds and we stayed in and we watched the same TV show on DVD and watched a couple episodes of that and I think that night we went to bed, what time? Probably around 10.30 that night, you know, pushing the envelope a little bit. Sunday, I got up and I met up with a friend who was needing some help with some clothes, so went shopping with her at Canberra Centre and went into a number of different stores after we figured out what she wanted, tried on a million different things, so I had to hold myself back from trying on stuff myself and just channeled all my energy and focus into her, so that was good and then went back to her place and had a coffee and a little bit of lunch with her and her husband and caught up with her son who's a very cute little munchkin, so he was showing me his sandpit and his new backyard which they've just had re-landscaped and then that afternoon I caught up with some friends for afternoon tea, so we had a coffee and just basically caught up on life and how we're going and what we're doing and after that I just went to the shops and bought all the groceries for the week, tried to figure out what to make dinner and then drove home and again proceeded to encourage my husband to cook said dinner and then just relaxed, spoke to my parents, caught up with them to see how they were doing and they were all doing really well which was quite good to hear and again watched some TV and then watched that TV series on DVD and then was in bed by about 10. We're watching season 3. We've watched, I think on those nights we watched two each so I think we're now up to, I've got to backtrack it because we watched some this week already, so I think we watched two, three, four, five and then just six on the Sunday night. Oh no, it wasn't that late, I think it was earlier than that. 9.30? Oh, at 8.30. It's a Vivante Randonneur, it's a touring bike, 29 inch. Brand new. Oh, no. Do you know what colour it is? Yes, it's blue. She's a rag doll. A year and a half now. Yes, she was my cousin's cat so I went and picked her up from Sydney from my cousins. How long did it take? Whilst I was emotionally supporting my husband cooking and I think once it was all chopped up the actual cooking time was less than five minutes. It was chicken. 10.30. Do you wake up with alarm? No, it's the weekend. You get up? No, it's the weekend when I went out, I met up with my friend but it was earlier than that, it was 9.30. Whereabouts? We met at Café Fontaine in Canberra Centre. Do you remember which table you sat? Yes, we were against the window at the back of the café. Was there a table number on that? There probably was but they don't actually assign the bills according to the table number so I don't know what it was. Do you remember your waiter's name? He didn't give it to us. Wasn't wearing a name tag? No. He was wearing a Calvin Klein t-shirt though. I do remember that. And what did you have for breakfast? We both just had coffees. Do you know what type of milk they used? Well, I asked for soy so mine was soy milk. And when you went grocery shopping? I parked it on the main street next to the shopping area. It's not a complex, it's just a little local shop. Free parking? It is free parking on Sundays. Do you remember any... There was a vehicle parked behind me because it was an on-street parking position but no, I don't recall a car. It wasn't immediately adjacent to my car, it was one spot away. And your car didn't come? No, not that I saw. I watched the news and then we went to watching Chuck. I think it was Channel 7, like equivalent of Channel 7? No. Yes. It was a chicken, avocado, tomato and onion sandwich. I was! It was a very good job for a homemade version with the cover. Very nicely done. How old? He's just turned one. Born in December, so he turned one in December. So one and a bit. But they only just had the birthday party so that's why I said just. Or he doesn't know, he won't remember, he just remembers the cake. Alright, just got to leave all of them. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Bacardi. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. The last... No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. New Highway. No comment, no comment. The last country. No comment. That's all, thanks. Cool.