 Oh gosh, my weekend this weekend was very different to my normal weekends. Over, I don't know, I think over the past two years I've not stopped. So, but probably in the last six months it's been incredibly busy. I had been renovating a house and we're just about to start renovating another one. And we got married about a month ago. So now we, this weekend, it's funny that you should ask, was probably supposed to be the slowest one that we had. But having just moved house, we had to unpack a lot of boxes. When the removalist came, we've actually got a friend from Germany staying with us at the moment and she's here for six weeks. So we got her room set up and we got the living area set up so that she would be pretty much well equipped and wouldn't really need to sort of be inconvenient. So we just threw all of the boxes into the room where we were staying. And my husband kept saying, we've got to unpack these boxes. We've been there a week. So we started doing that, but I was astounded by how long that took. I didn't think there were that many boxes, but 11 hours, one room. I just couldn't believe it. 11 hours. We had so much stuff in there. So during the process of that, we did a big culling episode, which I suppose we should really spring clean all the time so we don't get into that place when we move that you're dragging old stuff around continually. So we've been pretty ruthless in the unpacking process and just set up boxes where, you know, charity boxes and things that are just no good for anyone, for the rubbish as well. So that was pretty much all we did Saturday. It was, pardon me, it was, actually, I was, I'd procrastinated for quite a while because I thought it's just going to be a terrible thing to have to do. But then once I started doing it, I didn't really want to stop. And my husband had to sort of stop me for lunch and for dinner and things like that. But it's great to be in a room now that feels like a room and not a storage shed. And then on Sunday, for some reason, I can't really remember what we did, but it was supposed to be slow and quiet. But the friends staying with us made us a traditional, one of the traditional German dishes they have for breakfast. And I can't remember the name of it, but they peel apples and slice them, put them in the fry pan until they cook a little bit. And then they pour pretty much what's, you know, a pancake mixture over the top. And we had that, and it has a bit of sugar sprinkled on top at the end. So we had that for breakfast and that was fantastic. And took my little dog, Bonnie, for a walk. And then sort of towards the end of the afternoon, we started drinking some champagne, which you probably shouldn't do on a Sunday. It should have been a, that would have been a better thing to do on a Saturday. But we did that. And then one of my friends had been out for the day, and then she came over and had dinner as well. So we sort of didn't really have much food in the house because we have just moved. So my parents have a farm and I have a lot of lamb. So I managed to scratch around and find the last of the lamb. And we had a barbecue and then went to bed. But the weekend just went too quickly. They do, they do. Oh gosh, I tend to wake up far too early on the weekends, probably about 6.30. Yep. Why? I know. And then, you know, it's during the week and you wonder why you can't get out of bed. But then weekends, you just want to get up and enjoy it. How far are you? Well, the last one we finished in January, this, the one we're about to start renovating is the one we're living in now. So it, we plan on starting as soon as we can. As soon as we get the boxes unpacked, then we'll start. So we think probably within the month. And we have a really good builder in Wagga. So we're thinking of getting him over because he was incredibly cheap when we did the last one. So the last house we renovated, we had, I think we spent about $6,000. And we were lucky enough to have access between exchange and settlement. And in between exchange and settlement, we had spent $6,000, a whole lot of time on it and increased the value by almost $50,000. So it was really rewarding and really inspired us to, you know, to when we, because we've only just gotten married to buy our first home together and actually renovate it for what we want. And knowing now, you know, great people around and having that experience is really good. Oh, incredibly. Yep. Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely. It's always good to have people around that you can trust and you can ask things. And I think that, I think the sign of a really good tradesman is for them to say, they can do jobs for you. And if you want to do it yourself, they'll steer you in the right direction as well. Yeah. Oh, look, we always paint ourselves. So most certainly I'd say that's probably one of the first things that we'll do. The other weekend, we went to Spotlight. They had over the Easter weekend, they had some really, really big sales on around 50% off their window furnishings and blinds. So we picked up most of our stuff there. But one window we have in the living area is just too big. And we can't, other than make curtains, which we've done for the last property, we're toying with the idea of that on maybe just getting a professional person to come in and do that blind because you can't buy them that big. She's a King Charles Cavalier Spaniel and she's what's called a tricolour. So she's black and white with tan, little tan on her eyes and I think somewhere else as well. But yeah, just little flecks of brown. 13, hang on, 10, hang on, 13 years, 13 years. She has no training. And apparently those dogs I've heard are quite impossible to train. But then, you know, you see them do fly ball. So I suppose they can do it if they want to, but there's no desire with my dog to ever want to do anything. And sometimes she pretends that she's deaf. She has, yes. And she likes to be hand fed her chicken at night. So she's definitely got me worked out. Yeah, she has. You're absolutely right. What sort of dog have you got? Oh, gorgeous. They're beautiful dogs. Beautiful. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They're smart dogs, aren't they? Oh, well, yes, I do. I like my wines and my champagne cheap. So I never actually buy really expensive ones. I've tried the expensive ones and can't tell a difference. So I don't want to sort of drink too many of those to get a taste for them. So I really am enjoying one that's called Banrock. And it's a Pinot Noir Chardonnay. And it sells at, I think, First Choice Liquor for about $4.99 a bottle. And it's incredible. You'd never know it was that cheap. You know, sometimes they can be a bit harsh. But it's actually a really well-priced bottle. And it's really good. Definitely. I have. I went on a winery tour for my 30th birthday party. I did that here in, oh, sort of just outside of Canberra. We went out towards Murrumbateman. What I was surprised by was I kind of thought you would go to a winery. You'd sit there and you would drink wine. And it would be an enjoyable experience. But on the winery tour that we went on, it was more about, you know, learning about the wines and having a small sip rather than stopping and being still. So I've not done any other wineries since then, I think, because I was so disappointed with how that went. But I'm very keen. I was supposed to go on the weekend, actually, with my friend Jackie. We were going to go to a winery and have lunch. And she certainly did that with her boyfriend. But I just, yeah, I didn't really have the inclination to get out of the house. I just wanted that to be a quiet weekend. But it's definitely on my to-do list to do that. Yes, yes, it was. Yes, highly. No, but a couple of weekends, she did make something that was made out of the same dough. Oh, for Easter, she called it Easter cons. Yeah. And that's basically a bun that's knotted in the shape of a wreath. Yeah, that's true. Very and very delicious. Oh, no, no, I don't. She teaches us little bits and pieces. And we teach her English, of course, and the English words she shouldn't say. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Exactly right. Yeah. My parents, their farm is in Western New South Wales. I don't know if you've heard of it. Not many people have. It's called Hylston. Yeah, yeah. It's, if you know Griffith in New South Wales. Yep, it's about an hour west of there. Yeah, yes, it is. They have sheep and cattle. And it was really quite interesting growing up there because I was 14 when we got electricity. And then I was 16 when we got a push button phone. Before that, we used to have the phones that you'd see on movies where they dial the operator and you'd have to ask to be connected to something. Yeah, right. So yeah, it was very, very different. Yeah, yeah. Do you know how to brand a cow? Oh, look, I do. And I don't like it. I don't, my father doesn't do it. I've worked on farms where it's been done, and I don't like it. Yeah. Yeah, I have. And I don't like that either. All of the last time... Yep. No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Not comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.