 Yes, yes. I worked a few when I was in high school. I worked in a chicken salad shop for a few afternoons a week. And after that, when I finished high school, before I started uni, I worked in a French sort of, not a patisserie, but we made like, fritter rolls and things like that. Worked there for the summer and then started at uni. And I did two jobs when I was at uni. In the holiday breaks, I was working at Western Milling in Sydney, which was a wheat processor, so I was working in their quality control laboratory. And then towards the end of uni, I started working during the week at the cinemas in Parramatta in Sydney, which was an awesome job. I wore a starry skirt that matched the carpet. It was fully sick, mate. It was fully sick, yeah. And, oh yeah, it was a fantastic outfit. Really good for dress-ups later on. And then, once I finished uni, I was really lucky, I got my job with the AFP. And I've been working with them ever since, so it's been 12 years. Wow. Yes. I have had three roles in the AFP. I worked in crime scenes as a crime scene examiner for pretty much eight years, eight and a half years. And then I did a year and a half to two years in a close operational support role in forensics, working in our planning and DVI team. And then I have started my current role in October 2010, and I'm now a project officer in a completely different portfolio in our special references portfolio. And what was your favourite part of the job? Oh, I think there was a couple of things. It was awesome getting out there. And people didn't realise in Canberra, you know, the news stereotype or the story from the news you got is that no one cared if you got burgled or your car got stolen. Whereas in Canberra, we did a much broader service than perhaps you might find in Sydney or in some regional towns. So, you know, a lot of people who are the victims of burglaries and stolen cars were quite happy to see you and then really fascinated to watch you doing the job, which was normally alright, but sometimes annoying, depending on how closely they shattered you and how many shadows you had. And I think beyond that, yeah, so just meeting really awesome people and working with the teams. And it was a challenge to be called out in the middle of the night and, you know, become awake as soon as you get woken up and go out and manage a crime scene. They're always different. That's what was a good stimulating challenge was. You know, you get given a story by the police or from the victim or even, you know, a suspect. And you've got to, that's your hypothesis or one story, but you need to then assess the scene and identify any other alternative hypotheses as to what happened. And, you know, I'd love to go back. I'd love to go back to some of my more curly crime scenes and be like they are on CSI. You know how they picture the scene? I would, seriously, I would love to know some, you know, some, you know, assault scenes or even more conventional burglary scenes. Like how did they get in? I don't know for some of my jobs. Yeah. So in that job, you had to wear an Armani since the sun is up. Of course. And stilettos, my friend. Stilettos as well. Yes. It was hard getting the blood out of those. But, you know, we managed. We got a laundry budget. So how many types of powder? I mainly used, there was three that we mainly used, which was black, white and then a magnetic one, which had the black filings and black powder in it. You mainly used black powder on glass? It was personal preference. I actually preferred white on glass, but some people would use black. And it just depended if you were using, if you, it basically came down to the contrast of the surface. So if you had a light coloured surface, you'd go for the black. Whereas glass, depending on if you could move it or you could put something underneath it, white was the better one. But, you know, if it was a green wine bottle, it sometimes black came up better. Canon or Nikon? That old war between the Nikon and the Canon. Yeah. Do you remember what the spray is? We didn't, we don't use spray on blood. We use hemostix. So it's actually a product that's used to test the presence of blood in urine. So they're just these little one use strips that are yellow to begin with and they go green. Do you recall what wave poly light, blood? Blood quenches, so you could probably use most wavelengths to sort of show it up. It's not like it fluoresces. Do you recall the last? I actually, not from an ATM, I got money out at the supermarket. That was at the IGA in Ainslie. Yes. I can't recall. Did you go to a room? I did. No. Yep. They could have. Yep. Do they have it often? I do tend to check actually because of the work I, the area I work in, we deal with credit card fraud so, and skimming devices. So I do, I do tend to check. I just didn't the last time. Yeah. Have you ever been to the market? Oh, I'm getting different questions. I was ready for the airport. Yes, I have. I've been to the homemade markets which were on just this past weekend, but I missed it. I was on, I went to the, it must have been last year sometime when it was on at, where is it? I think it's not, I think it was Albert Hall. Yeah. Do you remember if there was anyone there? No, this was all handmade sort of arty crafty, jewellery, clothing, things like that. Pillows, candles. We did because my husband's friends had a candle store, so, or candle stall there. Yeah. So we, we bought a few candles to support the locals. Do you remember what fragrance they were? One was a lemon one. I remember that. I can't remember what the second one was. Did you go to crimes? It depended on what you were doing. So if I was powdering stuff, I might just be wearing cotton gloves, but if there was apparent blood or, or sort of was a messy environment, I might wear cotton gloves with the, and more towards the latter years, we'd wear the nitrile gloves. And then if you're at a major scene, you'd tend to wear two gloves, especially if it was hot, because once you put that pair of gloves on, ain't no way they're coming off easily and ain't no way you're putting on another pair easily. It's an LG. It's an 81 centimetre. I bought it in 2005 when I got back from the Solomons. That was my reward. I'm still impressed it's going. Sorry? Sorry, I just said, I'm still impressed it's going. Still going. Hanging in there? Yeah. Do you normally watch Dr. Phil during the day when you're home? No. If, you know, if I was home during the day, I'd watch Ellen instead. She's better than Dr. Phil. Oh, I have, definitely. Definitely. Do you get up and dance? No, no. And I'm not even dancing on the inside. I'm just alarmed by her dance moves. I'm amused. Do you know what her last name is? DeGeneres. My guess would be D-E space G-E-N-E-R-E-S. That'd be a good trivia question. Ooh. Well then, because you said that, I'd say Canadian or something different. Yeah. So you don't know? No. I don't watch Ellen. Um, the last time that you paid for an item with cash, do you recall how much? None. Because it was a coffee. It was yesterday and it was $3.50. A two, a one and a fifty. Notice either? Not at all. Only if they're particularly shiny. Turn them over and see if they're, you know, the same year. Oh, wow. How cool. Gotta be easily amused. So the last time you were at an... I know I was in March this year. I went to Melbourne for a wedding. I think, I don't know exactly how many, but I do remember her making a comment that the venue wouldn't accept a minimum, any less than 123. Do you know what flavour the bottom of that... Ooh, good question. I know the top was fake. And then the other two, yeah, I can't remember. I think they, it certainly wasn't fruitcake. So I'm, I'd have to guess. So I'm not sure. Definitely not fruitcake. How many glasses? Yeah, too many. That's why I don't remember what the cake flavours were. That's what we're in for. Oh, yes. All right. So I can ask you then. How long were you in Melbourne for? No comment. Did you fly down with Qantas or Virgin? No comment. Have you ever been on... No comment. A dog's name? No comment. What type of collar does... No comment. Colour is your car? No comment. Have you ever reversed... No comment. No comment. When was the last time you held a bridge? No comment. No comment. Mobile phone? No comment. The best salad you ever... No comment. You drive your car to work with... No comment. No comment. Do you own a cycle? No comment. Have you ever been on... No comment. What was the last call? No comment. What colour is your shirt? No comment. No comment. Cat? No comment. No comment. How old are you? No comment. That's all. Thanks.