 Okay, well I'll tell you about my trip to New Zealand. First I should state it was my big idea to go on a camper vaning holiday when I really prefer a luxurious holiday. But anyway I thought I'd be adventurous. Before I had kids I went with my husband and I don't really like to read maps and as you can probably imagine most men, men and women tend to fight about reading maps. I've seen it on Amazing Race time and time again and I didn't like to read maps. I thought I'd be you know just reading my book as my husband drove me around the beautiful countryside but um yeah there was quite a lot of arguing and getting lost so it wasn't as romantic as I thought it was going to be. My husband's a photographer so he wanted to stop at lots of places and take photos so he wanted to do lots of driving with me reading the map and I wanted to do lots of sitting by lakes reading books. So anyway it was very beautiful New Zealand, gorgeous. It was freezing cold though so drove around mostly the South Island and it did turn out to be very romantic because it was so cold and it was two of us taking lots of photos and taking lots of long drives everywhere and it was very beautiful. I'd do it again I don't know if I'd go now with two kids in a camper van because we decided not to use the toilet in the end because it was just too too horrible to have to empty the toilet. So anyway in the end we were in Queenstown and we checked into the Sofitel which was great and they valet parked our camper van for us and that was more my idea of fun. So it oh he didn't say anything about it that's what he gets paid to do. So no I mean New Zealand's a big camper van in kind of country so I think um you know they're used to it so it was a very beautiful Sofitel what I remember there and then we went on a helicopter ride and I got engaged so it was great memories for me drinking champagne and I love Queenstown anyway. And um what else did we do? Well I was contacted after a long period of time while we were there by the Australian Australian Crime Commission saying that I'd progressed with a job application and that I had to immediately do a this really long aptitude test on the via computer. So while my husband was my my future husband her husband-to-be was soaking in the bath watching tv in our luxurious suite at the Sofitel I was sitting on the computer doing a three-hour aptitude test in Queenstown for my my future employees. But anyway yeah it was great but I passed that with flying colors somehow because it had a maths component I'm not great at math and anyway the rest of the trip went very well and it was lovely and um that's probably all I can really remember. We went into Auckland my sister-in-law was studying there and we met her and I think we flew home from Christchurch. I can't remember now it was a few years ago probably in New Zealand no I can't remember. No I can't remember like I said there's it's a big business in New Zealand so there's lots of companies. We went some depot in Auckland and went from there and I don't remember well I never drove it only my husband did so it's big. I think no I think he had fun he likes driving and like I said New Zealand's gorgeous so it was a great trip. Yes is it Picton maybe I can't remember um is it Wellington I think it's Wellington the windy city and we went across on a ferry I think you get to Picton or a little town somewhere around there the north part the north part of the South Island um no I think we'd been at Lake Tarpaugh or somewhere a big beautiful lake in the southern part of the North Island and then we drove to Wellington that morning and it was an and we crossed over that evening and then spent the first night somewhere at the top part of the North Island quite late by the time we got there but we did manage to find a pub that was open to have a wine. No we didn't have dinner at the pub because it was getting late and we wanted to find somewhere to park the camper van for the night and it took hours and hours and hours the campsite had already closed and we we thought we could park on the road we got moved along and it was dark and cold and we'll start we had a long day I was very frustrating so no I remember specifically we had eggs because that's all we had in the camper van and we ended up cooking our own eggs in the camper van very late at night. So did it move you on? Um some kind of security guards yes a male no or do you know more than I do I don't know did we get arrested no um no we didn't get a speeding disease all I can remember is being scarred by that emptying of the toilet canister oh I don't how anyone could think that's civilized I cried after that and then we decided no we will only go to camper van sites with toilets and we just won't use it well we're going back to New Zealand we were just talking about that but my husband's part New Zealander and his sister lives there and we just love snowboarding and skiing and we love New Zealand so we're we'll we may go back next year but without the kids and I don't think we'll camp around we'll just go for a quick skiing holiday to Queenstown hopefully yes yes I've been up the gondola no I've been up several times I went on another trip to Queenstown and there was I've been up several times so one time I went with my father-in-law and my husband and another time it was just my husband and myself was that in winter or summer first time with my in-laws was a skiing holiday in winter the second time to Queenstown was autumn with my husband um coronet peak remarkables can't remember the other one um we went to arrow town and um hmm I can't remember the names of the other place mainly just Queenstown arrow town lake wanaka see on the one yeah mostly just drinking no just sightseeing lake one up to lake wanaka and arrow town and all the beautiful little spots around there and um no no nothing we were just there um oh no we we did go into the the center center of the city and had dinner and found a bar and had a few drink we're still celebrating our engagement and we were flying out earlier that next morning so we stayed at a hotel near the airport and just sort of cleaning the camper van getting ready to come back home almost one for one okay okay no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.