 Oh, same questions. I should have listened more. When I was... That's probably inappropriate. At the start of last year, I went to Bali with my partner. I'd been deployed for a few years overseas and we wanted to do something kind of special when I finished. So I stupidly left all the arrangements to him because he said that he would be able to take care of all those things and went and saw a travel agent who gave us very bad advice about the hotel that we should stay in. We got there and it was like almost smack bang in the middle of Kuta. It was over New Year's and it was like the first year that DFAT had declared it kind of safer than, say, since Bali bombings to travel there. And the exchange rate was really good, so there was always drunken schoolies getting more bang for their buck than if they'd just stayed in Queensland. And we're what I would call a national embarrassment to the point where we almost told people that we were New Zealanders. So my cousin was there at the same time, which was pretty cool. So we had New Year's in Kuta and ate lots of food, did some surfing and then came home and vowed never to return to Bali. Not interested. I'd been there once before, like 10 years before that, when I was 16, and it was great when you're 16. But beyond that, not very exciting at all. So what else did you get up to while you were over there? It was really just that, eating. The surfing was really good, so we did that. I dislocated my knee just before that though, so we could only do it short amounts of time before we'd get a little bit interesting. And that was about it. I watched the first episode ever that I had seen of Keeping Up With The Kardashians, because we didn't have FOC, and have never watched that again. Because it's again not very interesting. Because they reminded me of all the people that we were trying to avoid out on the street. That was... Was that your first time surfing? No, I surfed a bit at the South Coast, which is actually how I dislocated my knee before we went. Yeah, love it. I'm on board. Bored over? No, just too much of a hassle to travel with. So we actually kind of got a surf lesson, because it's cheaper than hiring the board for yourself, and they do photography and stuff, so that was good fun. And what beach? In the Leggian District, I couldn't think of what the actual beach was called. Were there big waves there? There was actually, and breaking from Leggian, which is not... There aren't any coves, it's just Long Flat Beach, and that connects all the way up to Cooter, and that goes all the way down. And it really, like, you can see waves breaking for, like, kilometres long, so it's good. Not that I'm talented enough to ride them for that long, but... And it's a long walk back. We went sometime between Christmas and New Year's, so I think we probably would have left Australia on, say, the 27th, and then I started work on the 10th of January, so I think we were back on the 7th of January. To the Solomon Isles. From the 29th of September 2008, and then I finished a 60-week deployment that time around on the 8th of December 2010. I don't know why I remember those dates very specifically. Anyway, then I was home for a few months and went back for another five-month deployment when they had their elections on. So that was from May to December again, I think. Would you like to say what role you were in? Yeah, I worked in operational policing, so pretty much logistics support to policing and military operations. Honiara, at the police and military base. Actually pretty cool. I didn't mind it at all. It's an interesting feeling where you've actually got relative freedom, but there's lots of controls put in place for your own protection and safety and politics, etc. So I heard it described when I first got there as being a bit like a fly in a bottle. There's lots of room to buzz around, but there's not actually very much space. So it was good fun. In my actual contingent, there was 20-plus, but we weren't all there at the same time. But in my team in the office, there was about 10 of us. Yeah, first time to Honiara, definitely. Not somewhere that you'd really go for a tourist holiday. Although you're always kind of sceptical of people that don't look like they belong. They get a lot of kind of, well, I guess it's the same as anywhere, where you don't really get a lot of tourists, kind of mercenaries, misfits and whatever the other one is. People that are hiding or seeking, pretty much. How long was training for the women? Five weeks. So you have to do like a couple of days' induction to the IDG itself. And then you do three weeks' practical kind of classroom experience, and then a two-week field phase, all with the same crew. So yeah, it was good. Training itself is a bit arduous. I think the ability of anyone to really pay attention for that long, when some of the materials are a bit repetitive, especially when you're going between external service providers and AFP. But useful to the extent that it gave you an opportunity to get to know the people that you're deploying with. The field phase in particular, there's lots of practical exercises. I'm not sworn myself. Some of it only applied to the sworn guys. But lots of practical exercises like four-wheel driving and setting up tents and stuff. Honestly, the only time I had to put a car in four-wheel drive in the three years I was deployed was to get out of someone's driveway. That was it. Never needed to do a NAVX, ever. Never set up in a tent at that time. Although, it's quite useful to be able to set up a tent. I have done since then. Well, I knew how to do it before then anyway. Surfing. After deploying for that long wearing particular type of boots, they've got really high arteries in them, and your muscles become quite relaxed from having that support anyway. So when I came home from leave and had been wearing thongs for a month, I noticed that all the muscles down the inside of my leg were quite weak. So we went surfing for a few days, and then just even walking into the surf on day four, I stepped into a pothole, essentially, and it just slid over to the side. It was gross. Not pleasant. And my poor partner, who was out maybe ten feet in front of me, whilst he loves being in water and enjoys surfing, has this massive fear of sharks, and we just finished talking about it. So then I'm in the breakwater and had a board attached and started screaming. You would not believe. So he thought I was being attacked by a shark. Anyway. He came to my rescue, as did the guy that was fishing on the beach that saw my leg. Yeah, that's what I said. Ha ha ha. Somewhere just north of Narooma, the name of the place came. December. That's the coldest time of year, actually, annoyingly. It's the time that you're most inclined to want to go down to have some fun, ice cream, et cetera, and it was freezing. So it's kind of warmest in, I guess, this time of year. It was cold. It is a 7'2 soft male, so much taller than I. Well, the bigger it is, the easier it is to ride. So I've got one with training wheels on it pretty much. Solomon Island? No, but surprisingly, the biggest, I guess, tourist numbers they get are dodgy old surfers that just chase endless summer and go up to very north Solomon Island, kind of near PNG, where there's lots of natural reefs, and they get towed out to kind of like, not middle of the ocean, but a few k's offshore where there's breakwater. That's a lot of money and a lot of time and a lot of effort. So it's guys that do it kind of professionally or semi-professionally.