 Okay, a very memorable overseas holiday I went on was in Tabarli when I was probably about 21. We spent a lot of time up in the mountains, so we avoided most of the tourist areas, so that was very good. And met a lot of local people and lots of their little kids, and saw a lot of arts and crafts. I think it was actually mid-year, so it would have been in the mid-year break. I think we actually flew with ANSET, it was a long time ago. Would it be about six years ago? Oh, maybe not that long. It was 14 days. Mostly hiking and looking at the arts and crafts and local small industries, so their little painting shops and silverworks and weaving craft, and then predominantly just having a look at the mountainside type villages. Do you remember the names of the locations you stayed at? One was in Udon, and the other one was a long time ago. I don't remember those, sorry. We had backpacks and we had to buy bags to bring some extra stuff. Shopping in? Yes, pretty much. Did you have any problems coming through? No, when we arrived we didn't really have that much stuff with us, and it was all predominantly clothing, so no issues there. And coming back out, I think we had our bags searched when we came back into Sydney, but coming out of Bali there wasn't any issues. Did you bring any paint? We did actually, we brought two paintings and they were in traditional flavour, but they were actually unusual colourings. No, they weren't framed, so they were on a parchment type paper. What was your favourite part of the trip? We spent a lot of time on the little moped bikes and also on the tuk-tuks. The higher the tuk-tuk? Yep. Dangerous, but fun. They broke down quite a lot, but there was usually people around that could help you out. And how did that work? I don't think, like we showed our Australian licenses, but I don't think there was much of an issue of, you basically got a quick rundown of how to start it and all that sort of things, but a bit of a, this is how you should drive here and don't be scared about this, and just watch out for that sort of. Learn as you go. Yeah, there wasn't very much emphasis on your licensing. It was over there, were you happy? No, we were pretty good. We had one incident where we were actually on a bus trip, where the drive, we were coming down quite a steep road and the driver fell asleep. That was a little bit disturbing. We were all sitting there going, is he asleep or not? I think he's asleep. So we made more noise than he woke up, so it's rather interesting. No, he was rather awake and yeah, looked a little bit scared. Yeah, he got poked a few times, I think. I can't remember exactly. We were right up in the mountains, so would have been around Udon somewhere. So yeah. Did you stay out in the bush at all? Not really. We're in like little huts. Some of them are really quite fancy, but some of the facilities were a little bit different than here. So there wasn't running water in some of them, but they were still very nice. And others were just like a little hotel room, but quite small scale. No. Was it hard? Not really, because there was often people who wanted to practice their English. So they would often align themselves to you as you were walking around or whatever you were doing. So they could practice their English and they helped you out. I don't know how true their translations were, but we seemed to do all right. Yep. Before the names Food Dishes? Not really. It was more a Point and Want That, thanks. What did they mean? There was a lot of spicy, not stir-fry type meal, but more meat than vegetables where we were. Unless you specifically asked for more vegetables in your meal. And it was quite spicy. And they would always check with you how spicy that you would like it. Lots of fruit too. Lots of different fruit. Exotic stuff? Yeah, some things that you sort of weren't, I'm not quite sure what I'm eating, but it tastes okay and I won't think too deeply about it. Do you know what their current name is? Not off the top of my head now. No. Dempasa? And then we took a local. How long? I don't know. It didn't seem very long, so maybe two and a half hours. Yeah. Did you go on any specific tours while you were over there? Yes, we went on a silver, so around a lot of the silver, jewellery and trinket markets. Yeah. And we did a lot of stuff, just got a bit of information about what was available and did a lot of stuff by ourselves, not on an organised tour. No, we were very lazy. Do you remember? There was always Bintang. Yeah. I think they also had Tiger, but they were also very fond of imported Budweiser beer. Yeah. No, no. I was pretty lucky. No? Yeah, no barley-barley for us. Did you go to any while you were there? Not really, because we were up in the highlands, so yeah, not really. It was a very non-Australian trip to Bali. Yeah, it sounded a bit like it. Yeah. Bali, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I've been to New Zealand a few times. I haven't really travelled that much internationally. I was in the Navy for a while, so we ended up going lots of places just on our normal ocean trips and stuff, but I haven't really gone, or I've not very widely travelled, really. All right, let's go. Yep. Okay, yep. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. When was the last... No comment....cycle? No comment. Color is... No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Free parking? No comment. When was the last... No comment. Where have you travelled? No comment. The third last digit of... No comment. That's all. Thanks. Yes. Yeah, thank you. That's all, thanks.