 Oh okay, from when? Your first job? Okay, what was my first job? I used to work, when I was at high school, I worked on a flower farm that was owned by a family friend and we used to, it was a carnation farm, so we would pick and dress the flowers. And then my next job was with the Navy, so I went through the Defence Academy and was a Seaman Officer in the Navy and pretty much did roles as Officer of the Watch or Gunnery Officer, Executive Office Assistant, Visits Officer and then I did some training to be a Hydrographic Surveyor. And then I left Navy and started with the AFP as a sworn member and then moved into Intelligence role. Not much variety, sorry. Yes, in the Hunter Valley, near Greta I think it's called. Yeah, so it was a couple acres and was mostly in greenhouses and things like that. No, but the Hunter Valley vineyards are very close by so you've got Colburn and all those out that way. Oh, 90, 1990, so graduated high school, 89. High school or the Defence Academy? Here in Canberra. When I came out of the Academy into full-time Navy work, I was on HMAS Dubbo out of Darwin. So that's a patrol boat, so I was an Officer of the Watch under training up there. Oh, I can't remember. It was the old style patrol boat, so they've just been upgraded. It wasn't a particularly large vessel, so yeah. I don't have a very good memory for things like that, sorry. Did you serve on any other? Yes. So I was on patrol boats, so Dubbo. I served on HMAS Tobruk, did some time on the original Jervis Bay, predominantly training cruises, and also on Swan and Torrens, which were river class destroyers. And did a little bit of time on HMAS Perth, but not really. She was in refit, so that doesn't really count. And where else? HMAS Moresby, which is a hydrographic survey vessel, which was a converted maritime merchant vessel. She's decommissioned now too. And then I went to, my last posting was to New Ship Lewin, which was a hydrographic vessel, but it was under construction, so I never actually served at sea on her. Probably six weeks, with maybe one stop off when we were on patrol boats. Because when I was on major vessels, they were generally doing exercises and stuff, but they were more training vessels. So yeah, most of my time on the smaller vessels can't stay at sea for prolonged periods. Did you ever get seasick? Yes, when we were coming across Bass Strait in Moresby, because she was a converted, like she wasn't purpose built. She had a very funny, she sat very funny in the water, so it was like a corkscrew movement. Yeah, so most people were sick on her. Yeah. March. I did my training here in Canberra and then went straight out to Sydney, in central Sydney. So Sydney, the city. Yeah. Well, I've done operations, I've worked in surveillance, I've worked in client liaison and intel. So within intelligence, I've done a number of roles within there, but probably five separate like roles that you can separate. Uh-huh. The last time? Saturday in Gungahlin, St George. Do you remember? No, there wasn't. No. Had parking tickets. Do you remember where your last one was? My last one was from Tuggeradam Hyperdome in about 2004, maybe. Yeah. I think it was the first one I'd ever had. Oh, right. I was like, oh, this is painful. Yeah, I was quite surprised. When was the last time? In the school holidays, like the last school holidays. Yeah. Yes. No. Dropping my daughter off. Jetstar? Oh, no. Virgin, sorry. Monday. I had a sandwich. I made it. 31. Yeah. It was, oh, what's it called? Once Upon a Time or something. It's a Julia Roberts movie. It's a kids movie. So it was in the school holidays as well. Dendi in Canberra. I think it was for 2D. No. September. No. Saturday. Yes. Downstairs. So outside my... Yes. Oh, well, I had it stolen when my wallet was stolen. So I guess that's losing it. Second year I was here in Canberra. So 2010, I think. Yes. Recovered my handbag and my wallet. But no, there's my phone and lots of things were missing. It was stolen from my car. Parked in the school ground. Yes, smashed it. Probably Tuesday, yesterday. It would have been after four o'clock. 15. Yes, the DFO had it. It was a lady. No. Yep. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. What cat's name? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. That's all, thanks.