 Yeah, sure. I started at Best and Less when I was 15 and then I got a job at Woolies at the same time in produce as a fruit and veg boy. So I quit Best and Less, I was only at Best and Less for about two months, then worked at Woolies for three years until I was, two and a half years, until I was 17 and a half and then I joined the Army. I was in the Army for about two and a half years and then left, got discharged from the Army and joined New South Wales Corrections as a correctional officer. Then I was there for about two and a half years and in 2008 I moved to the ACT and got a job as a dog handler with ACT Corrections Services. And then in 2011 I came to the AFP as an intel officer and that's all the jobs I've had. At Kapooka, well I started here actually in Canberra, no I started in Kapooka and then came to Canberra. At Darwin, 1 SISB, so 1 Combat Services Support Battalion in Darwin at Robertson Barrack. Yeah it was good, loved it. It's what I'd always wanted to do so. In 2000 and October 2006 at Lithgow Correctional Centre, so just at the base of the Blue Mountains there out of Sydney. 338, yep. I think full capacity was probably 360. Nah, Lithgow's all mail, maximum security mail. Loved it, yep, it was a great job. Cruisy job, if you ever wanted an easy job, easiest job on earth, yep. Yeah, they were different. ACT and New South Wales are totally different, how they manage jails and how they get treated so, yeah. But it's changing I think. Yeah, yes and no. I suppose they get a bed over, a roof over their head, a bed, 3 meals a day but it's not perfect but I wouldn't want to live there but. I was at Belcotton and Ramones, when that was still open up in Belcotton and then I moved out to the AMC in June. So obviously all their training needs and searching, so we search people, rooms, vehicles, open areas for all 5 main drugs. So cocaine, heroin, ice, marijuana and there's one more and the other one, I can't remember what it is. Yep, train one dog to pick up a thousand different scents. We had 3 black Labradors and 1 red border collie. Yeah, good, just different, so probably more frantic. Labs are very controlled when they search, they don't get overly excited whereas labs, whereas border collies are full of energy so they get quite excited. Yeah, pretty much. Yeah, labs are big, oh black, yeah, I don't think, there's probably, I've only, I've only ever heard of 1 chocolate lab being a drug dog, wasn't overly successful and that was with Victoria Corrections. That's the only black, the chocolate lab and the rest, I don't know, I think they're just dumb, to be honest here, whereas the rest are all chocolate and gold. Nah, you wouldn't, but it must just be a recessive, a gene or something. Yep, so I've got one of them now. So Tilly, we had Keter, York and Rusty. Tilly, yep, so she would have been April 2011, don't have very much money so, um, on what day is it today? Wednesday. Would have been on Sunday, Sunday morning. Ah, it was a private ATM at a bus stop at Markets. $2, drip off, not bad. A little cashmaker? No, I was the last person in line, there was someone in front of me. No. No. Yes, probably 2010, at the court, the court's car park. I think it was about $77. No, I just didn't pay it for ages. In 23rd or, yeah, 23rd of March 2012. Coming back, I was coming back on Christmas Island. Virgin. No, Qantas, sorry, because we got free grog, so it was Qantas. That's exactly right, especially when work's paying. Oh, Qantas is free, it's all good, yeah, Qantas is free after 3 o'clock I think, or after 4 o'clock. I was with a mate, so we drank the plain dry red wine. So I probably had about, you know, little bottles of wine, I had about 6 or 7 of them. Not very well, not good. Made it home alright, but, yeah, because it's soon. Um, 20, no, the 16th I think, of June. No. Yes, when I was 14. Yeah. We had a bush basher. My mum and dad used to go to work, we used to take it out on the road. It was a Holden Gemini, little 79 Gemini. 4. I think it was 1.6 or was it a 2 litre? It was one of them. Yellow. Yeah. And I remember because I used to try and work it on myself, and I didn't put the carb back together right, so it used to splutter the whole way down the street, so, poof, poof, poof, poof. Good car. Yeah. Went through a couple of fences in that. Yeah. This morning. About 9 o'clock? 30. No. 31. 31, I'll go 31. No. I've got no idea. I've got no idea. I know I need a new pair. That's about it. Yesterday afternoon. Caltex. Number 1. Yep. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.