 Um, yeah, one holiday I probably remember one was when I was about 12 and went to Tasmania with my family. Went through Port Arthur and all that sort of stuff. We were there for about 10 days. I think we went for a wedding. We were there for about 10 days and it was just good. It was just a good holiday to get away. It was one of the only holidays, big holidays that you sort of went on. I went through Port Arthur, I can't remember, it was years ago so I can't remember all of it, but we went through Port Arthur and went and done all the touristy stuff. We camped for about half of it I think. All I remember was that it was cold. It was the middle of winter. Bloody freezing. But I want to go back so it couldn't have been that bad. We flew actually. No, I've got no idea. I think I was probably 12. I might have even been younger than 12. Probably about 10. So, you know, looking at 20 years, 15, 16 years ago. So a long time. Too long to remember. Last weekend. So I took a couple of weeks leave over Easter so I spent the whole time painting doors at home and gardening. We bought a new house about 12 months ago and all the doors had been replaced internally but none of them had been painted. So we went through and painted them all and took all the cupboard doors and painted them and done some gardening. Long overdue gardening. Dulux. The best stuff. I don't think so. I think it's got 10 years actually. I think. But it's that wash and wear stuff so it washes pretty well. Is that Bunnings and Tuggeranong? No, I can't. But it was, I remember the colour. We chose like an antique white. So it's like that, it's the antique USA white. So, you know, the United States, you know, in the US all the houses had that off-whitey. Yeah, that's the colour we bought. It's nice. And the gloss. Perfect for doors. Different doors. See, we've got feature doors so we used paintbrushes for them and for all our flat doors we used a roller. We've done undercoat and topcoat. So no more than four. So eight litres of paint. So for undercoat and then topcoat. So I've got to start painting the rest of the house soon. That's my goal. I hate painting. I absolutely hate it. I don't mind, you know, I don't mind cutting in. One job everyone hates I actually enjoy but I hate rolling. It's called Hog's Bristle. So my missus decided on that colour, not me. Yeah, it's like an off-white, off-white with a little bit of brown in it. I don't know, it looks like a normal colour to me. Yeah, pretty much. It's not Mission Brown but it's not light brown. It's Hog's Bristle, apparently. We just planted out, we had all turf out the front so I just pulled all that up and planted out a garden in there. So, and then the way our house is sort of situated, I've got sort of three gardens as we go back. So, put in a nice feature tree and lots of little plants around it. A weeping cherry. It's some sort of grafted tree. They use a plum tree stem and then they use the roots of St. Giles and they use the top of a cherry tree. So, yeah, grafted tree. Apparently it lasts forever. Yeah, it gets about eight foot and it's all flat. It sort of goes out. So the flowers, the branches go up and then down. So, and then it has nice white pinky flowers on it. I have no idea. I think we put kangaroo paw, I think that's what it's called, and a couple other little ones. From Yarlung Nursery and Bunnings, I think. I've got no idea. Sorry? Yeah, actually, Yarlung Nursery was a pretty rough looking bloke. Had tats all over his arms. Bit of a goatee but a pretty helpful bloke. Problem with weeping cherries is because they're grafted on top of the stem, you've got to be careful. You can't have too much wind, so driving them back in the back of the ute, I was driving about 20km all the way home so he didn't want a tree. Yeah, it's not an old Ford Falcon crappy thing. Yeah, old white one. It's got heaps. 240,000 or something. Yeah. I don't know, about 8,000km ago, so probably nine months ago. Way too long. No, it doesn't go fast enough. Yep. Nope. Yeah, every day. Yeah. If you get in early enough, perfect. If you don't want to have to walk anywhere, I think it's about a 7.30 core day. But if you're happy to walk, I think it's about 8.30, so it's not too bad. Or you can pay for parking and not have to walk. No, not for eight bucks a day. Nah, that's pretty much it. I think we've got to remulch it and that's about it. We had mulch down but we're going to put a feature mulch on, red coloured stuff. So put that down and that's pretty much the front done. Red? Nah, I've got no idea. Yeah, it is. Red Ironbark, I think, or something like that. I usually pick it up myself. We live in Gilmore so it's only about, I don't know, eight minutes to get to the landscape place. Easy drive, two minutes. Yep. Nah, they're not too bad actually. I've got one bloke, he owns Jim's sewing, so he's always good and helpful. Knows where to get plenty of stuff from. And the other bloke is just a busy body. He knows everything about everyone on the street. But in saying that, he always watches over your house, so that's one good thing about it. Paying the house. I think he is actually. He's on all them things. About two weeks, 14 days. Good. No, it was a week and a bit before Easter. I don't even know what day Easter was on, or what date it was. 25th? I don't know, I went a couple of years ago and I haven't been back since. Four o'clock, four-thirds too early in the morning sometimes. But I'll make an effort and go play two-up for the rest of the day. Drink too much beer. Yeah. Well worth it. Yeah, I made a couple of hundred bucks, probably last year or the year before. I made about $600 two-ups. It's all luck. Have enough beers and you put enough money down. Yeah, that's exactly right. Take enough money out and then drink enough beer and then you've got no guilt when you spend all your money. But it's all luck. It's all luck. Yep. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.