 Yeah, Easter. Yeah, we went down to Jindabyne to family property. Had my parents there, my partner's parents, kids. Got down there on Friday, always have cocktail hour late in the afternoon, followed by dinner and then Saturday we went to Threadbow for the day. And had a really good time up there. We went, after getting pizza and that sort of thing for lunch, we went on the toboggan, which they've got up there. Because Threadbow's an all-year-round resort. And yeah, went on the toboggan. I went on it with my son, nine-year-old son. And he had a great time. We had a crash where it actually rolled on its side and we had to straighten it up to keep going. Unfortunately, he got back in with me for the next one, so he wasn't that put off. Yeah, and then after that it was pretty much time to head back. And my parents were in our car with my partner and the two kids were in the convertible with my partner's parents. So we took mum and dad to the Wild Brumby distillery down there, which is, they make their own snaps. So we went there and did some tasting and had a drink. And they had a band on there. It was quite obviously a big popular time of the year down there around Easter. So they had a musician there and that sort of thing. Then we ended up getting back for cocktail hour again and dinner. And then on Sunday, we had a few people over for a big Easter Sunday lunch. It's always a yearly event down there. And yeah, awesome day. We had an Easter egg hunt. I had the job of hiding the Easter eggs and providing the clues. And that sort of kicked on all day. And then on Monday, we came back to Canberra and it was all pretty quiet afternoon. I think I sat down and watched the rest of the Hawthorne-Gelong game, which I regret because Hawthorne lost. So yeah, it was a really fun Easter. It was actually pretty good. We left about two o'clock on Monday and I had a phone call about five o'clock saying it was snowing. But outside of that, it was a little bit of a chill, but not really jumper weather. It was actually, we had champagne followed by red or white wine. But generally, we always have champagne to start with and have a couple of glasses and then some cheese and that sort of thing and then kick on. No, no, my mother does, but I don't. Oh, do you? Yeah, clearly those reports are misinformed. Hawthorne. Yeah, Hawthorne in Melbourne. Yep. Yeah, Alastair Clarke's. Which is, I'd hazard a guess to say maybe four years. Yeah, actually, well, hold on. He was coach when we won the premiership in 2008. So yeah, it'd be four to five years. Yeah, yes, yeah. This year will be our year. Ah, no, I don't. It was just a guy on the acoustic guitar and he had a harmonica as well and a bit of background support. Yeah, it was. Yeah, not quite that style. More your sort of hunters and collectors and, you know, your Pete Murray style. As opposed to, yeah, pinpointing a particular song. Oh, big fan of the Chili Snaps. Yeah, yeah. I only had one or two because I was the designated driver. But you only get a little snippet. Yeah. Not this trip, but my parents bought one for my partner because it was her birthday last weekend. No, it was the pair. Yeah, Peugeot. I think it's the 306 convertible. Blue, New South Wales. Ah, there were 13, 12 because there was 13 of us and I hit every one's apart of mine. My in-laws had them. So, oh no, actually we brought them down. We got them from Target or Big W. I can't remember which. We bought our, we buy an annual pass. It's $190. Yeah, there was. Yeah, maybe 20 minutes. Too fast around a corner. Yes, yeah, we were a lot more disciplined with the break after that. No, we didn't tell them. Told everyone else. No. No, they have certainly had the conditions there that, you know, unless there's any negligent. But what we did, it wasn't a, the crash, we didn't leave the track. It was just, we went on our side, around the corner. Then we just had to upright the toboggan and keep going and hope that no one came behind us. First time this year. No, no, I can't. The main shops. Yeah, the village. Next to the big hotel. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.