 Okay, um, probably the best thing I did yesterday was a beautiful day so I went for a walk up Ainslie. It's a terrific wood track, it's called the Kokoda Track and you go and park just behind the War Memorial and uh, Zag Park, that's the side of Westmount, Ainslie and yeah it's great so I did a walk up there. When I started the walk I thought what am I doing, this is quite hard work to start with, um, but yeah it was good. Got to the top and thought, ah that wasn't as bad as last time so it was a beautiful day and a beautiful view up there. So, um, did that and then walked all the way back down again. Then went for a drive out to Grandma's little bakery, past Collector, and had coffee, sat in the sun there and had a really nice almond croissant there and chilled for a little while and then drove back home again. So it was just a beautiful day, it was probably the best thing I did on the weekend. Just trying to think what I did. Little bit of shopping on Saturday, um, I did sleep in there, it's really good. Got the TV, watched one of my favourite shows on the weekend. There's a couple of good ones on the Briony Fisher Murder Mysteries on Friday night. Have you seen that? Am I allowed to ask questions? Yeah you can. It's fantastic, it's on the ABC, it's an Australian show but it's really quirky. And Saturday night, new tricks on TV and yeah. So, um, do you want more detail? Yeah as much as you want to give. Ah, okay. Um, what else did I do? I went for a bike ride as well on Saturday. On Saturday afternoon I went for a walk around the lake, met one of my kids. She was busy all day Saturday but she said we could meet up at 4.30 so we did the bridge to bridge on Saturday afternoon. Which was a little bit cold by the time we finished but it was really good. Yeah, her and I did it in just under an hour so that's good. Nice fast walking and probably the best part of my weekend is actually getting out and doing the exercise. Yeah, it feels like you get through the week. Yes it does, it does, behind the desk and yes. Do you know how far the bridge to bridge is? It's 5km round to, yeah. Do you walk into it? No but there are a lot of people out walking. A lot of people, yeah. It's often quite busy around there. So I didn't see anyone in Killa. Did you walk? Um, that's a really weird question. Um, not that I noticed actually, come to think of it. That might be one of those trick questions. I'm reading a book at the moment called Thinking Fast and Thinking Slow. Oh yeah. Have you read that? No. It's really interesting and it talks about, um, they break your brain into system one, system two. And one of them is like thinking fast and system two is I guess the cognitive where you're thinking much slower. Thinking through things a bit more and they, one of the examples they give is the, um, sample they've done in psychology of watching people play a football game. Oh yeah. And where the gorilla walks across, or someone walks across in a gorilla suit. Yep. And you've been tasked to count numbers of things within the game and how many percent, quite a large percentage of the respondents actually never see the man in the gorilla suit. Oh yeah. So, yes, yeah. So it's like a selective, it's, it's showing that when you're actually really concentrating past a certain point, you will actually miss detail. I remember watching one of the basketball games. Yes, yes. And there's a gorilla, yeah, guy in a gorilla suit right in the middle. Yes, yeah, yeah. Some people do and some don't. And so I've only just started the book. So it was talking about that. I think it's really interesting how the brain, yeah, sort of not see this. So did I see dogs? There could have been dogs just because I didn't see them doesn't mean there weren't some. Yep. So how much you were concerned? Yes, yes. And how much before you've actually done what you've been asked to do and if it's learned or you actually used to use a certain level of thinking. Do you know the author? I can't remember. So do you remember what time you? Yeah, about 10.30. Yes. Do you know how many? It's under 100 because it's 100 from Canberra to Goldwyn. So I think it's about maybe about 90. It's just before Goldwyn. Was that the first time you've been there? Oh no. I found Grandma's Little Bakery is in the middle of the Fedra olive grove just before Goldwyn. And I've seen it often, particularly traveling back from Sydney into Canberra. It's one of those places you think, oh, I won't stop because I'm nearly home. But it's well worth a visit and well worth a stop. It's fabulous food and really quite quirky and it's always very busy. Right. There's lots of people there. Yes, it is. It is a very strange spot. Yeah, it's not even on the left. It's on the left hand side coming from Sydney. Yep. So it's, yeah, quite unusual. But it's this cafe right in the middle of the olive grove and they grow their own olives. They've got a little shop where you can go in and sample a lot of the food, which is really great because you get to eat all this yummy food and don't have to pay for it. But we always end up spending more money than we would have because we've tasted all these nice. So it's a good marketing ploy. Yes. When you parked your car there, do you remember any of the vehicles? No, not at all. I don't remember vehicles very well. Yeah, police officer. But there were a lot of cars there. Yep. A lot of cars there. All right. And when you were walking up the track at Mount Abbott? There's a car park just behind the War Memorial and parked in that. That's sort of like a prepared car park. Yep. But there were lots of cars parked and the no parking sign on the road as well. And that really ticked off my husband. He's a police officer. Got really annoyed that they're all parked. They shouldn't be parking there. Well, it is Sunday. But I think the car park was full behind there because it's a very popular walking track. All right. And can you recall the last time you withdrew? Oh, it was when I ran out of cash at the Edmund Barton building at work. No, it was actually the coffee shop over the road from ABB. Yeah, because I don't like to get it from there because they charge you $2. Oh, yeah. So yeah, but that I think was the last time. Yes. Was there anyone suspicious hanging around? No, just my work colleague who walked away discreetly. I don't want to see you, Pen. And when you were last, do you remember? No. Do you remember things like that? Never. No. Can you tell me the last time you were at a... Ah, yes. Went and saw the Hunger Games a few weeks ago. I've read the books, the Hunger Games, so I thought I want to go and see... How was the movie? Ah, look, they did a fairly good job of it. It's a bit of a teen flick, a bit like Twilight sort of stuff. But the concept of the Hunger Games is really quite interesting. So it wasn't as good as the book, but they didn't do too bad. Yeah, I think the book was more violent, actually. All right. I think they probably dumbed it down a bit so more people could see it. Yep. Because it really... The book would have been MA if they'd done it and the book was a bit gruff. Is there going to be another movie? Oh, yes. No, you haven't got to finish the trilogy. Oh, there's three, is there? There are three. You obviously haven't read it. No, I haven't. Okay. No, it's a very interesting concept, actually, the Hunger Games. It's about... Some of it's about the power of marketing and the power of, I guess, Big Brother watching you. Oh, yeah. And the influence of marketing and what we think is reality may actually not be reality. So, yeah. Gruff. Yeah. Yeah, if you can get past the teenage stuff, the concept of it is really quite interesting. Yep. All right, then.