 Last weekend, I can't even remember what I did this week. Last weekend I, did I do, I went to the Thai Food Festival that was up in sort of near, I don't know where it was near, near Kaleen or something like that. I just went and met my boss up there and his wife and brought a friend of mine along and yeah we just went and tried some of the food and then just went for a wander around the shops and yeah, pretty quiet weekend, same as this weekend. So yeah, nothing too outrageous this Saturday or last Saturday. Probably on Saturday this weekend I got up at 8am. Yep, and last weekend probably not that early. I went down to Chifley, picked up my friend and then we drove from there up past where I live but we kind of got a bit lost so it probably took us maybe to get from his place to the food festival around maybe 25 minutes, 25-30 minutes. Yeah, just off one of the side streets. Yeah, no. No, not really. Saturday night, not too much I think. Saturday night, what did I do? I think I just stayed home and just played a video game I think it was. Can't remember which one it was but pretty quiet, cheap weekend. No, my flatmate does actually. PS3, yep. Probably when I was a kid, like yeah. Maybe when I was 14-15, something like that. Would have been 12.30. I had a duck noodle soup. It was just like a soup with broth, like brothy sort of soup thing. Noodles and just bits of sliced duck through at it and I put some of the brown sugar in it as well because apparently Thai people like sweet things as well as savoury. Yeah, no, just that. No, I don't drink beer at all. Yep. No, I was driving so yep, I didn't drink anything. No, Queensland license. Yep, just over a month, not too long. It's a couple of years but I have to get it transferred soon so I'm just trying to get that organised at the moment. I just had to pay my registration for things so no, got my open license. Yep, yes, it was the only time and it was in 2007 I believe. I was on a work trip up at, sort of up past Cairns towards Palm Cove but I drove right up to Port Douglas just because there was a fair bit of free time and just on an unfamiliar road and yeah, I got a speeding ticket so no. I think it was in, it was, there was some road works and I think it was a 40 zone and I was doing something like 47 or something like that so yeah. I think it was, I know it was a fine. I think it was maybe one point or something like that. Yeah, three. Yes, over in the car park just over from work. Mm-hmm, you trying to make me come unstuck here or something are you? Yeah, I hope not. Good, $8 a day. Yep, well I've got three parking tickets each at $81 each so yeah. It is, yeah. Now I just don't drive to work, I catch a lift with my flatmate and then my boss drops me home because he has to go through the city anyway so yeah. Bit better than getting fines each week so. Between 8.30 and 9. Yeah, yeah. Sometimes I'm lucky but yeah, I think it's more convenient to either catch a bus that drops you out the front of work rather than parking near the parliament house and walking for 15 minutes so yeah. Last night I went to the Asian Noodle House and I got a combination laksa, yeah, and just got that to take away so then I took it home and still have some left for dinner tonight. It wasn't a number unfortunately but it was cheap, it was only $12. Just down Northbourne Avenue sort of towards London Circuit, yeah, just on the left there as you sort of go, it's kind of near Moosehead. No, no, not yet. I moved from the Gold Coast, yeah. No, I worked for the Mantra Hotel Group up there, then I worked for the Accor Hotel Group, then after that at about the very start of 2010 I moved down to Melbourne and did a degree for two years. Finished my degree because I wanted to work at the AFP and I applied for a graduate role but went through all the assessment centres and got declined that. But then just before my second last exam at uni my current boss called me up and said we've pulled you out of the pool and we want you to come and work so that was a good day. Yeah, it was good. It worked out well. Yeah, so after uni I moved back home for a few months and just spent time with my parents and friends and yeah then end of Feb just drove down here and I've been here since then, haven't been home yet. I'm in online services, close operations support. There are two, three, about five or six people but in our online services department there's just three of us, so team leader and then me and another chap. Yeah, no, not football, no. I don't think so. Not really too into sport, I'm not too into sport myself. Yeah. How about yourself? Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah. You think so? No. Bit boring? Hitting rubber bands around? Yeah, no thanks. Pass. Okay. No comment.