 In detail, probably not. I haven't been overseas for a very long time. My last trip overseas was to India in 2005. That was a motorcycle trip. We landed in the capital really late at night. It was stinking hot. We went to our four-star hotel, which I would probably rate as probably two-star hotel by Australian standard. Caught up with one of the other people that were doing the motorcycle trip with us. That was Tim and he came from Scotland. We had a breakfast for dinner on the first night. The motorcycle trip didn't start until... We had one free day before the motorcycle trip. We saw a bit of the tourist attractions. I went to the Taj Mahal. That was just an amazing building. And just the poverty. It sometimes just got too much for me. Sometimes I had to go back to my hotel room to escape from the poverty because it was just all too much. I saw a family that lived on a traffic island that was a triangle in one of the main streets. They just had a few pots and pans and there was mum and dad and two kids. So that was pretty horrifying. Then we started our motorcycle trip and we caught a train to Shendigar, I think it was called. That's where we picked up our motorbikes and we got to have a practice on the motorbikes in the car park. They were only little motorbikes. The gears were upside down and they were on the wrong side so you had to have a bit of a practice. They were kickstart and I couldn't kickstart mine because I've got bad knees. So we started our trip and the person that organised the trip insisted that we wear our helmets and all of our motorcycle gear in case we came off. But God, it was so bloody hot. We just got dehydrated every day. Most of the days we probably only travelled about 50-70 kilometres. But that 50-70 kilometres would take you all day. Because the road conditions were just absolutely atrocious. They say that they have road rules over there but they don't really. So if you're a small little motorbike and there's a big truck coming and the truck's meant to give way, the truck doesn't give way at all. And the traffic, the traffic was just horrendous. There might only be, I don't know, two lanes but they'll turn it into five lanes. Traffic-wise, it was just, oh it was the pits. Correct, it was the pits. There was one day where we had to go through this tunnel and this tunnel must have gone for I reckon about five kilometres and it had no lighting in it. And it had no exhaust fans or nothing and it was like peak hour traffic and it just stank. And all I wanted to do was bloody get through this bloody tunnel. We had two or three days on, oh we went into Kashmir and we had to bribe our way into Kashmir. We had to pay money to the military and to the police to let us go in. And the second night that we were there, there was a bomb that went off but it was in the distance so that was very nice. And we stayed on houseboat and so that was really pleasant, nice to get off the bike and not have such a sore bum. The food over there was really nice and I ate lots of vegetarian food. I decided to not eat any of their meat or chickens and stuff like that. So I basically ate vegetarian. Some of the curries were really lovely and they did some amazing things with lentils. When we were in Kashmir I bought a nice silk rug that was made by a tribe and I've got it hanging up in my house in the family room. I came off my bike twice, crashed into one of the other guys by accident. I didn't get hurt so that was very lucky but we went up to the highest motorable road in the world and I got really bad altitude sickness. So I had to spend, so there was about 15 of us on the motorcycle trip and they actually supply mechanics and they carry all your luggage for you in a back up van. So when I got my altitude sickness I actually got one of the mechanics to ride my bike that day and I got to sit in the van to make, yeah. It was horrible, it was like having a serious revolting horrible migraine. So yes that was a very long time ago and I look forward to going overseas again soon but I don't know when because I'm in the process of, I've just sold my house and I settle on that on the 27th of June. So I'm spending every bloody weekend frantically running around looking at houses and I'm really overlooking at houses. A new one to buy. A new one to buy, so yes, starting to feel a bit sick now because it's getting closer and closer. I've only got like eight weeks but I've got a backstop if I don't find a house for the dog and I can move in to my brother's. So that makes it a bit nicer. Yes, but yes there's some revolting houses out there I don't understand how people can, it's their best asset and they just don't look after it. There was one house that I went through not last weekend, the weekend before and it was rented and it was just a pigsty. And the people that were renting it had two beautiful looking cats but they just stank. I couldn't even go all the way through the house, I had to leave the house, it was that revolting. So, and house prices in Canberra, astronomical. They're a bit inflated aren't they? They are, it's disgusting, absolutely disgusting. So yes. Do you see why they're so expensive here? I don't know, I just think it's madness, I don't understand how a young couple could get into the market, just impossible. You know, if you're renting and trying to save a deposit, I don't think it can be done. I don't know how they do it, but anyway. So yes, so I'm slowly packing up the house and hope to have a garage sale on the 14th of May before it gets too cold. So yes, downsizing, so trying to get rid of some of my furniture as well. And I put a deposit on a new car on, it was either Thursday or Friday last week. And I picked that up on Friday so I'm a bit excited. What type of car is it? I'm getting a Mazda 3 SP Skyactiv, it's really cool. It's a mouthful? Yeah, it's got a navman and it does this really cool thing where when you stop at a red traffic light and you've got your foot on the brake, the car turns the engine off. And when you take your foot off, then the car starts the engine for you. So it's quite economical on fuel and things. Yes, but it's funny it doesn't come with mats. You have to buy them separately, can't believe that, just bizarre. For the navigation? No, the mats for the car, you know, the rubber mats. It's just like, hello, it's a $29,000 car and you're not going to give me any mats? Oh no, they're $100 if you want mats. It's just crazy, crazy. But it's got Bluetooth and all those good things. So my current car doesn't have any of those so I'm quite amazed at how advanced new cars are. Yeah. Yeah, pretty good, pretty good. Yes, and my little puppy's been sick. Mr Byron's had gastric and he's got a cold. He's got this horrible cough and it's sort of like a cough and a vomit at the same time, it's really awful. But he's getting better, he's been on antibiotics and he's only allowed to stay on a diet of chicken and pasta for a whole week. So he's costing me a bomb. And now that he's got his pasta and his chicken, I give him his biscuits and it's like, no, I'm not eating them, Mum. Yes, but his poos are still not a good colour. What type of dog is he? He's a boxer, he's nine years old and he's just as lovable as ever. He's 50 kilos, so he's quite big for a boxer. He's got a huge chest and he's very good company. Boxers are on red cordial, I reckon, for the first seven years of their life. They're just absolutely mad, absolutely mad. So he's just starting to settle down now as an old man. Yes, and he keeps me busy. I take him out walking three times a day. We went out this morning at six o'clock, it was bloody freezing. Yeah, it was. It was horrible this morning. It's colder now though, I reckon. So do you walk him three times a day every week? Yes, every day. He gets a walk before I go to work. Well, when we get up, we go for a walk. And then he gets a walk about a half an hour after I get home from work. And that's his longest walk, and then he just goes around the block for a squirt before dinner, before bedtime. All right. Yeah, so he's pretty lucky. About a bit. He does, but he loves it and it's not a big ask, really. Yep. I don't reckon. When you're walking him, is he on a lead? Yes, I can't let him off the lead. I am not sure that he would come back. He ran away when he was quite little, and hubby and I, but he took a day off work and put up posters and ran around on our push bikes trying to find him. And then the little boy that lived next door saw Byron at his school. Oh, yeah? So the janitor caught Byron and then, yes. Lucky? Yeah, he was gone for, I don't know, 16 hours, and he had all his little pads all cut. Oh, I was worried about him, I tell you. It was horrible, horrible, horrible. Probably having fun? I think he had a good time, but I think he was totally lost and didn't know where home was. Yep. Well, he knows where home is now. And when we go for walks, I don't actually say where we're going to go. He sort of directs me where he wants to go, you know, and I want to smell this and I want to do that. How is he with others? He's quite good, but sometimes he just gets too excited and then he jumps around too much and then he hurts himself because he gets too excited. So I try to, you know, if I see another dog, I'll cross the road so that Byron doesn't get too close and jump and hurt himself. Yeah, he's a lovely little fella, lovely little fella. Where did you get him? There were some breeders in Wotangra. Well, first of all, we went to a dog show and we were checking out the breeders and we quite liked these people that were in Wotangra. And he was born just during the bushfires in 2003. He's got an Australian mum, but his dad was some sperm from the US. Yeah, they were right into it, this couple. Couldn't believe it. Can't get into dog breeding type people. I think they're a bit strange. Yeah, they're different. They're different. Yeah, they're very different. Very different. Very committed. Indeed. Indeed. Yeah, it's amazing when you go to the people. I know, and they do it every weekend. It's just like, no, not for me, thanks. There's too many other good things to do on the weekend. Yeah. Yes, no, I'm just happy to have the one. Have the one. Before him we had a Rottweiler and he was 75 kilos, but he was a gentle giant. Yeah. Yeah, he was a good boy. Yeah, he was lovely too. When was the last time you were from an ATM? Hmm, probably two weeks ago. Don't really use the ATM much now. And what about the last time? That would have been on the weekend. I would have filled up the car. It was the 7-11 at Melboure Shops and I filled it up with 98. You know what? It used to be a mobile. Do you know when? It's been in the last six weeks that it's changed over. Yeah, last six weeks or so. Do you want to look at the T.R.? Yep, sure. What colour is your car? No comment. A Rottweiler or a... No comment. When was the last... No comment. Do you own... No comment. A dog thinker? No comment. Have you ever... No comment. When was the last time you... No comment. Do you drink tea or... No comment. Do you know... No comment. Phone number? No comment. Will you drive in your car a lot? No comment. Is Anthony Smith in the car with you? No comment. Plora, where are you on... No comment.