 Sure. In 2005, my ex-husband and I went to India and we did a motorcycle trip. We started at the capital and then we went all the way into Kashmir, where the bombs were going off, and we went on Dal Lake and had lovely three days on Dal Lake, did a big loop and then came back to the capital and flew home. It was exhausting. I rode the old Enfield motorbikes and the gears were upside down and they were on the wrong side. So it was really quite an adventure. India's an amazing place with the colours, the food. I just loved it. But then the poverty really got in your face and sometimes I just had to get off the street and go back to my hotel room. Yeah, it was very confronting. I think that was 20 days all up. Yeah, and the rules, the road rules over there, even though they've got road rules, because you're a small vehicle, doesn't matter if you've got right of way, the truck will still come and, you know, run you over. Yeah. So I crashed a few times, but it was fun. I came back absolutely exhausted and I needed a holiday when I got home. We just went to different temples, just ate lovely food, went to markets, went to the Taj Mahal, just all of those sorts of nice things. Monasteries. No, it was too long ago. But there was one place that we found that did serve cappuccinos and that was the only place in India that we found that had cappuccinos. So I was very pleased when we found that. No, they're not big on coffee at all. Yeah. And I did, I'm not a beer drinker, but I did enjoy Indian beer, which is quite amazing because I hate Australian beer. I think it's horrible. It was called Kingfisher and it's quite a light beer and it's not sort of heavy and it's not fizzy like our beer. Yeah. Because I'm normally a wine drinker, but the wine over there, the wine that they did have was extremely expensive. So no, no, I didn't. Basically all of them. Ate lots and lots of lentils, tried to stick to vegetarian food if I could, because I wasn't sure how good the meat was. But when we were on the lakes, there was a wedding, they were celebrating a wedding and I didn't realise that Indian weddings went for like three days. So every time we were on the lake on the waterboat wanting to get to another area, we could hear all this lovely singing and obviously there was dancing in the back garden of some of the houses. So it was just absolutely beautiful. And the only unpleasant thing about the Dal Lake was the pollution. You'd see Coca-Cola tins and pieces of paper in this beautiful, lovely area that had, you know, absolutely huge lilies. Yeah, it was nice. But yes, we went up to the highest motorable road in the world and it was absolutely freezing cold and I got really bad altitude sickness. It was amazing, the headache, it was just like a migraine. I just wanted to die. It was, it was hard, hard work, hard work. I think we got up to like 6,000 feet. So I don't know what that is in metres, but we got to meet lots of the local people and I was just amazed at how they built their roads there. There'd be thousands of people there just smashing up little rocks to build up the road and then you'd, you know, get like a large, round oil drum and they'd be heating up the tarmac in that. It was just like, oh yeah, correct. Correct. Yeah. Which airline? I have to say I can't remember. I don't know. We went from Canberra to Sydney. I think we arrived late afternoon and we had one free day before the actual tour started. There was about 12 people on the tour and they were all Australians except for one New Zealander and one Scottish man. So still in touch with Scottish Tim. He comes to Australia regularly now for visits, so that's really nice. That's developed into a long-term friendship. Yeah, so it's quite good. But yes, I haven't been riding my motorbike very much since that trip. I've been a bit slack. What bike do you have? I have a Yamaha TRX 850. Yeah, I only like to ride for pleasure. I don't like to ride to and from work because you have a bad hair day. It would. And you wouldn't want to ride your motorbike in winter here anyway. It's too bloody cold, don't you? Yeah, correct. Yeah. So do you live here? I do. Nowhere. Oh, lovely spot. Yeah, it is. It's nice. So what brought you to here? Uni. UC or ANU? Okay. So you're finished or this is part of your... Finished last year. Okay. So how did you get into this research project? Through my then... Okay, nice. Okay. Who is it? I don't know him. Chief Scientist. Okay. So how long was your degree? Four? Three? It was a long three years. Uni always is. Yeah. So are you going to do graduate studies or not? Policing. Oh, as a sworn officer or... Oh yeah. Are you? So where are you at? I've got my driving record today. Okay. Okay. And you want to go national or ACT? Good. Yeah, I did 20 years in ACT because I'm a sworn officer. Yes. And then I decided I was a bit too old to be smacking down doors and things and it was time to get behind a desk and do some work. Yeah. How'd you find that? I found it really hard at first. I found it really difficult to sit at a desk for longer than a half an hour because I was always in and out of the car or doing something or found it really hard. But now I've got quite used to it. I still have to get off my desk at least four times a day and go just go get outside and go for a walk just for five minutes and then I'm back. Yeah. Oh, you'll love ACT. What area? I started off at City Station. Then I went to Accident Squad. I was the second girl in Accident Squad and then I became a breath analysis operator and I was the first girl to do that. Then I went to the Sexual Assault and Child Abuse Team and then I went to Belconnen Crime as a detective and then I went back to Sexual Assault and then I did a little stint in Major Crime and then I took up a newly created position which was the Drug and Alcohol Coordination Team which basically looked after policy and activities around, you know, prevention and all that sort of stuff. And then I came across to the national side because there's more desks over here so there's more variety. Yeah. So it's been a very interesting 30 years. Yeah, it's been. I remember graduating and telling my parents, I'll give it one year and we'll see how we go. So it's just, yeah, it's very interesting when you change a job. It's just like going to a whole new department and yeah. I did. It does. Terrible memories. So how long will the course be for you? Five. Twenty-four weeks. Six months basically. No, that's quite good. Yeah. Well, well. Better than South Wales. Do they? But they get a degree, don't they? I think they do. Possibly. I'm not sure either but I think they do. So, well, very interesting indeed. So when are you hoping to start or you've still got a number of tests to go through? Once I do this. Have you been practicing? Yeah. I hate the beep test. Well, well. Well, that's very good news. So what sporting activities are you into? Sporting? Yeah. Nothing while I'm in uni. None? Just to see if it works. Rugby's always good. Okay. Well, I have a niece at UC and she plays hockey for the ACT Team and she's currently over in the UK playing in the European Cup for the English team. Lucky girl. Yes, heading home soon and then starting second semester back at UC. Yeah. She's done nutrition and now she's doing physiotherapy. Yes, yes. That's what I reckon. Lucky girl. Plus she works part-time. I don't know how she finds time to scratch herself studying, working and hockey. She's just mad. Absolute mad. Most students do work though. They have to. No choice. Yeah. It's terrible. Streets otherwise. So you haven't conned your parents into moving to Canberra then? No. Actually, they moved to Brisbane. Oh, even further away. Why did they leave Barral? It's a beautiful spot. I think that. Okay. I love it. I had a girlfriend then when I was going to, it was then called the CCIE, which is now the Uni of Canberra. I had a girlfriend that I studied with and her folks had a farm at Barral. We used to go up there for the weekends. I used to love it. Yeah. It's just beautiful. It's so turistic. It's wild. It reminds me of Canberra. Oh yeah. It's too expensive to live here. I live in Narrabunda. Oh, still parts of Narrabunda are very expensive. Yeah, they are. So you're in a share house? No, I live in a share house. By yourself? Oh, okay. So tell me about your partner. Social welfare. Oh, which one? Laurie. Okay. That's a hard field. Open to her eyes. Okay. How old is she? Oh yeah, it would have opened her eyes. It would be. So she toughened up a bit? A little bit, yeah. Good. She's going to have to in that field. That's excellent. All right. So I've got a few questions here. Sure. Yes. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. You're a chained slave. No comment, no comment. That's all. Thanks. Beauty.