 Isn't this the last one we did? Yeah. Is that what I asked? Can tell you about another overseas trip if you want, but is there another question? The last one. Oh, God, that's boring. What did I do last weekend? Oh, yeah, no, we didn't do much. We get up on Saturday mornings at the moment and go to the farmers markets at Expo. And because my husband likes to go when there's no crowds, we've been gradually going earlier and earlier. So on Saturday morning, he woke me up at 6.30 and made me get out of bed so that we got to the market 10 to 7. And there was still a crowd of people there, but it was better. So yeah, so we did our shopping chores, and then we spent some time at my mother-in-law's house. And father-in-law had breakfast with them and dropped off the ironing because my mother-in-law irons our clothes, which is very convenient. And then we went and had a massage, which was lovely. So we both had a massage. And the rest of the afternoon, oh, we went shopping. That's right. And then I needed a new pair of shoes because my husband's getting the Australian Police Medal tomorrow at Government House. And I decided that at the very least, I needed a new pair of shoes to wear. And so he took me into the city, and I raced in to buy a new pair of shoes and came out with a pair of shoes, a handbag, a dress, and a douna cover. All in 45 minutes, $600 later. Yeah, it was pretty impressive, actually. It wasn't too bad. And then the rest of the afternoon, I spent on the couch reading my book. I'm reading last year's Man Booker Prize Award called Sense of an Ending, which is absolutely fabulous. So I only started reading it on the weekend, and I've almost finished it. It's a really good, pretty good book. And yeah, and then cook some dinner, and very boring. So then Sunday, we got up early again at 7.30 in the morning and went for a walk around the lake. We live near Yarrabee Ponds, so we walked around Yarrabee Ponds. And then we went for breakfast at Gold Creek and had bacon. Well, Chris had bacon. And then we went over to the tea shop and spent a small fortune on Assam tea and oolong tea. It's amazing how much money you can spend on tea. And then we, what did we do after that? Can't even remember. Not much, obviously. Oh, I did some research. I did some research for my upcoming overseas trip, which is much more exciting. Yeah. What are you off to? We're going to Jordan and Israel. Yep. So my husband deploys to Afghanistan in five weeks time. We're going to be going with the AFP. And so we are meeting in Dubai on the 12th of August. Having a few nights in Dubai, because neither of us have ever been. It's not on the top of my list of places to go, but since we're going to be there, we might as well have a bit of a look around. Yeah. And then we'll jump on a plane over to Oman, spend a night or two there, hire a car, and go down to Wadi Rum. Well, actually, we'll go all the way down to the Dead Sea, and then up to the desert, and have a night in the desert, and then go to Petra, of course, and have a couple of days wandering around Petra, or maybe a day. I haven't decided yet. Still doing the research. And then there's a couple of other sites in Oman that I can't remember now. There's some Roman ruins that sound quite worth seeing. And then we'll drop off the car and go across to Israel, and go and see all the key sites there, Bethlehem and Galilee, and the Dead Sea, and a few other things, and have a night in Jerusalem, and a couple of nights in Tel Aviv, and then fly back to Oman. And I'll come home, and Chris will go back to Afghanistan. So yeah, so just trying to sort that out. I was going to do a tour, because I thought it would be easier. But we've decided to just do it ourselves. Yeah. So yeah, I'm just trying to work out now where the best way of doing the border crossing, because you can't take a car from Jordan into Israel. Apparently not. No. Yeah. It's just the two countries don't like each other very much. Although having said that, when we used to travel around Europe, it's actually not that easy to take cars from country to country. So we will, unless you get a, you can do a different thing rather than hire a car where you lease a car, and then it removes all of those barriers and stuff. But yeah, so we will, I just need to spend some more time sorting it out, sorting out where to hire the car, and where to drop it off, and then how to do the border crossing. And yeah, work out a bit of a rough itinerary and work out some accommodation options. So I've got a lot of work. What kind of cars? In Amman, they use the, oh, it's called the Dimmer, I think it is. Yeah, I can't remember. I did look it up a while ago, but I think it's the Dimmer. They actually reasonably, they're quite expensive countries to travel in. So it's not going to be a budget trip this time around. But I have found a fabulous deal in, what's the other first place, Dubai. Because August is not a popular time to go. It's hot, and we nearly, yeah, we nearly sort of rethought going. But it just seems crazy when Chris is actually going to be in Afghanistan. And then his next lot of leave, he'll probably come home. And even if he didn't, a lot of things are shutting up in Jordan by November. And then in January, when his third lot of leave is, it's absolutely freezing. So we decided in the end to go in August. It's going to be hot, and it's going to be Ramadan. All right. But yeah, but the good thing is that hopefully that means there won't be quite as many tourists, which we think is quite appealing. Yeah, and we'll just get up early in the morning and try and do as much as we can. And then I thought we'd actually do our travel from one place to another in the heat of the day. Obviously, we'll get an air-conditioned car and actually travel in the heat of the day. And then, yeah, so that's what I'm trying to work at now. The distances aren't very far between these places. So if we get to a place, have a look in the later afternoon, evening, have dinner, sleep overnight, get up early the next morning, go and do all the sites, and then get the car at 2 o'clock and travel to the next place is what we're thinking. So yeah, but as I said, I've got a lot of work to do. But yeah, I think it's a doom. And I actually don't even know what the Israeli currency is. I haven't looked it up yet. But we will have to go and get some currency before we go because you need to pay for the visa in Jordan with their currency. So we'll get all that sorted as it gets closer. So tell me the name. No, I actually can't. Ador, actually. Yeah, I think it's called Ador. Ador Tea. Why do you want to go? No. Only a joke. I'm a tea fan. Actually, I've been there. Yeah, it is actually. They've got quite a fabulous selection. And I don't drink coffee at all. I hate the stuff. So for me, my little indulgence is tea. And I love it. But tea's becoming quite fashionable now. Used to be. It used to be very difficult for people like me. You don't drink coffee. What are you talking about? Whereas now, it's quite trendy to have a nice tea. Well, I can visualize the car park. But I don't know how I would describe it to you. It's one of the many car parks at the Gold Creek. No, no idea. I wouldn't take the slightest bit of notice of the vehicles that were parked next to me. Yeah. That's a good point. Hmm. Do you recall them? Maya. And how many other people are going to be being awarded medals? There's only two AFP people getting the Australian Police Medal. And then I think there's a few, about eight or nine police from across the country. Around about that. Might not be quite that many. It might be five or six. But I don't know how many all are, because there's a bunch of different awards. So she's conducting two days in the Governor General. It's conducting two ceremonies. The first one's today. So I imagine there'll be a couple of hundred recipients at each ceremony. Hence why it goes for two hours. The Australian Police Medal is basically for excellence in policing over a period of time and above normal contribution to society as a result of. So usually about eight or nine people will get the Australian Police Medal each year. Might be a bit more. So I guess it's probably the highest honor to be awarded to a police officer. Yeah, it's quite exciting for him. And he's quietly pleased. He doesn't say too much about it. But I think, yeah, he's very pleased. But I think his 35th year in the job will be in a few months. So he's been around a long time. So it's a nice fitting sort of an accolade as he reaches the final stages of his career. He's got the list. Oh, that's right. Yeah, OK. No comment. How old is he? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. The last car last night? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. He liked? No comment. No comment. No comment.