 Wow, I could detail many. I'm just trying to think which one. I'll detail a trip to Norway. My husband and I were posted in London for four years and so we actually did quite a lot of travel from London during that four-year period. One of the most memorable trips we did was to the top of Norway, so the area that they call Lapland. And we'd never been in this area before, so we went up to Nordkapp, which is the most northerly of the two. And it was very interesting, but it was freezing. They had a freak snowstorm. So we went in April, which was supposed to be springtime, so the conditions were expected to be a little bit more reasonable. But unfortunately, they had a freak snowstorm, so we almost didn't make it out of there. But yeah, it was still an interesting experience. Unfortunately, we didn't get to see much from Nordkapp. And then we had a couple of days in one of the little towns around there, which was quite unusual. It was kind of like being on Mars. I mean, everything was just so uniform. It was snow everywhere, obviously, and the buildings were all uniform. And they were quite remarkably spread apart, considering all the snow you had to get across to get from one to the other. It just had a really unusual feel about it. And then we went, which was the main purpose for going, we went dog sledding. So we did a four-, three-and-a-half-day safari, where you get given a team of dogs. And you probably, I think we did it anywhere from about 12, 20 kilometres a day on the back of the sled. And we went through various, out into the wilderness, basically, and stayed in huts out in the middle of nowhere. It was interesting, and the dogs were beautiful. But we both thought by the time we finished three days that it was enough, because all you see is snow. But yeah, but the experience with the dogs was incredible. We're both animal lovers, me particularly. So yeah, it was a great experience. Got quite fond of the dogs and quite close to them, so it was hard to say goodbye. Four, four per sled, which was plenty for me, but not quite so good for my husband, who's much larger than I am. So there was a bit of a swap around of the dogs, and all the stuff got loaded onto my sled, so that it would slow me down and lighten up the load for my husband's team. There were four of us and two tour guides, so six altogether. One was from America, and the other one was from Britain. I can't remember exactly where, but somewhere outside of just not far out of London. Johannes was the team leader, and no, I can't remember the other. Well, they were a mix between Alaskan husky and what they called a Carra's Jock village dog. Carra's Jock was the local village, which I don't know, they looked to me like a Kelpie, this Carra's Jock village dog. And the reason why they bred, the reason why they weren't using the purebred Alaskan huskies was because the Alaskan huskies are very much one people dogs, apparently. That's their, you know, sort of quite a significant personality trait for them. So to sort of try and introduce a whole bunch of new people to the dogs was a little bit concerning for them. Whereas this Carra's Jock village dog is an extremely friendly dog. Yeah, and it seemed to work really well. The dogs were extremely friendly. I mean, the first day that Chris and I got there, we got there before everybody else, and we went in to visit the dogs in their kennels, and they were extraordinarily friendly. You know, all they wanted was love and pats and affection and to get, you know, and to get hooked up to a sled so they could run. Yeah. Oh, absolutely. And that was kind of one of the things for me, is I sort of, you know, sort of had this sort of thing of, well, you know, I don't want to make some poor dog have to, but what you realise is that they actually really genuinely love it. Johannes particularly was quite a scream. So you get to the end of the day of your sledding, and you try to actually get him, you know, you'd have to unharness the dogs, that was part of it. So you, of course, you'd lean over to unharness the dog, and you would be, you know, cuddling him, in essence, trying to get his foot up out of the harness. And he'd wait until you just had the foot almost out of the harness, and then he'd sort of like hop forward. Because one, he wasn't ready to stop. And two, while you were standing there giving him a cuddle, you know, he was quite happy. So yeah. And then as you started to walk off, he'd hook his paws around your ankle, trying to stop you from going away. Yeah. Absolutely. He certainly had me figured out. Yeah. As a sucker. Yeah, which I am. All back country on the dog sledding. Yeah. So we, I can't, isn't that terrible? I can't remember the name of the place that we flew into now. Because it was a few years ago, and there's been a lot of trips since then. But yeah, we flew into sort of like a main town up the top of Norway, and then travelled up to Nordkapp, and then travelled back down to Karasjok, where, and then the actual dog sledding was all, was all, yeah, bush, and snow, and huts. Primitive, a little bit much for princess people like me. But you know, it was okay. It was only a couple, only a couple of them. But yeah, pretty sort of primitive stuff. I mean, people, it's, they're designed for people who are cross country skiing, dog sledding, or snowmobiling. I mean, that's the only way in. Yeah. The only other way in by plane. So, you know, until sort of about a month and a half of a year when the snow all melts, and you can actually get in the way. So the fellow who ran, like the, the hut that we, main hut that we stayed on, the fellow who ran it, flew into town to do his grocery shopping. Yeah. So he had his little plane there. He'd fly inland to do the grocery shopping. Yeah, it was, it was, you know, it was an interesting experience. Yeah. Oh, look, we would have either used Gatwick or Heathrow or Stansted. I mean, I, as I said, we, we went, we left England probably about once a month for four years. So, you know, a lot of, a lot of trips. So as to which airport we flew out of on that occasion, I, yeah, I couldn't, yeah. Um, I think cause it was spring, it wasn't too bad. So I think it got down to about minus 11 or 12. Um, and you know, it got almost up to zero, um, in the top part of the day. Uh, so yeah, it was, um, you know, apparently if you go in December, it's, you know, the, the hottest gets is about minus 12. Yeah, just a little, yeah. Uh, no, we'd been to Norway, um, the year before, and we just had a quick trip to a town called Bergen. I don't know if you know Bergen. It's a really pretty little town. Um, and yeah, just again, because at that stage we'd never been to Norway. So we, we just picked Bergen cause it seemed like a pretty town and there was a few things around there to do. So we went out and saw the fjords and yeah, um, there was some world heritage sites in Bergen and you know, really, really town. So it was just sort of like a three day trip over Easter, I think. Um, no, I don't think the Bergen bread does actually come from there. No, I don't think so. I think the Bergen bread comes from Switzerland or something, doesn't it? Anyway, I'm not sure. Yeah. Yeah. Is that an old? Ah, the Norwegians have, I think, probably one of the, you know, one of the oldest civilizations, I guess in a way, cause it goes back to Viking times. Yeah. So, um, although, you know, there are other ancient civilizations, obviously, but yeah, no, um, it, a lot of history, um, probably not as well preserved maybe as some other civilizations. Um, but yeah, enough to kind of get a, get a feel for it. Um, Orkney Islands was probably more interesting for, um, for, for looking at, um, at the Viking history. I don't know if you've ever been up to Orkney Island, but there's some fabulous archeology, archeological sites up on Orkney Islands, um, that, you know, date back to where the Vikings were sort of like the, um, the, where you can actually see where the Vikings had come and vandalized basically these old, um, you know, these old, uh, religious and ceremonial sites that were built by, I can't remember what they call that age, almost prehistoric age people or those really early. Yeah, no, it was. The trouble is, is that we pack so many trips into a, um, four year period and we went from one culture to another. So Morocco and Egypt and Turkey, and then, you know, some of these, um, some of the Nordic countries and, and, you know, and then Italy and Spain and Germany, and we went to Estonia and, you know, so you're just, you're trying to, you're packing in so many different, um, you know, little bite-sized pieces of culture and history that while I'm finding 12 months down the track, because we've been back in Australia for 12 months, is that it really is all starting to blur and it's hard for me to remember. Yeah. But it was certainly, yeah. Yeah. No comment to all of them. So I'm not allowed to say anything. You know how difficult that'll be for me, don't you? Yeah. Okay. Go. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment!