 Last weekend, that was the weekend after Easter, correct? Yep. Yes. Gardening. I laid eight square meters of mulch in my front yard and all it has done is rained and caused all the weeds to come through. So I picked up the mattock and I was out gardening. Of course I go to church over at Don True. And so I have their ironing to do, their linen. Walk the dogs. I have two miniature dachshunds and they go for a walk so I took them for a walk. But yes, just generally I'm always occupied. I'm never out of trouble but I'm well and truly occupied. So do you recall what time you wake up? Saturday it was about 5.30. Normally I'm awake at 3 o'clock every morning, five days a week. Alright. Yes, yes. Choice? Yes, yes. I'm an early riser and I start work by 6. Yeah, yeah. Oh, well have it this week. This week I've worked 12 hours plus a day. Yes, yes. But normally I finish at 2 but I've been going home at about up past 6. Yeah, yeah. It is. So where did you get all the mulch garden from? There's a Canberra, there's a place in Hume that sells it like a garden centre in Hume. Yeah, yes. They delivered and so it was forest mulch and it's about $40 a metre and I got 8 metres of it. So yeah, I had two helpers, so helping me with it. But yeah, all I got was weeds. It's rained non-stop. It's ridiculous really. Well people say to you, if you mulch you don't get all the weeds but what I have is a garden full of weeds. So yeah, I'm trying to rectify that problem and then what I do is spray. Spray with Roundup, yeah. So spray it and in springtime I'll put down some sugar cane mulch. I'll purchase that from Bunnings that's wrapped and hopefully won't have so many weeds. You can get another mulch which is called Pea Straw which is very good but then you get a lot of grass in that because it's been out in the field. Yeah. No. And how big was it? It was like, it was a small semi-trailer. Yes, yes. And dropped it on the verge and took out one of the trees in the process. You know. Yeah, exactly. Do you remember the... No, he didn't say his name. He just came and he had to reverse up because he took up the road so he had to sort of stop any traffic coming either way. So yes, yeah, he just reversed it up and within about 10 minutes he delivered it and off he was. Yeah, yes. So how old are you? They are three years old. Yeah, yes, yes. This is number, I've had miniature Dachshunds for the last 45 years. So I'm on number seven and eight dog now. No range pun. There are, the smaller one is Cleo Sophia and then there's Zara Grace. And Dachshunds normally live, well I've had one live to be 17 years and one month. Yes. Wow, that's quite a lot. Yeah, yeah. So, but the vet, he generally says anything over 10 years is a bonus. Yeah, yes. But that was well and truly a bonus. And I also have a cat who's 23 years old and I think he'll live till he's about 30. I'm told that's unusual for a cat of that age. Yeah, yeah. Cat frog? Yes. So I was working out at Criminal Records in Weston. There was one of the guys in forensics, his cat had kittens and I got one of his cats, she's since deceased. And then his son, a week later his son's cat had kittens and that's, told the story, is one of his son's litter. Yeah, so yeah. They both needed a home so if you have four legs you'll find your way to my address. Yes. Yes, yeah, yeah. I didn't expect to still have the cat after 23 years quite frankly. Well one of the girls at work, she often says it's the omega-3 in the sardines because I feed it sardines. She says it's omega-3 in the sardines that I'm feeding him. It's something, isn't it? Yeah, true, true. Are they short-haired or long-haired? Short-haired, yeah, short-haired. They're wash and wear, you know, you just give them a bath, put them outside with the bone, they dry themselves. Yeah, it's pretty handy. Look after yourself. Have you had any back? Yes, I did with, it was with Honey. Honey was the third one I had. Yes, but she went to the vet and they had her for a week and she came home and she was fine. Yeah, yeah. So I do have stairs at the back of the house, yeah, yeah, but it does, it does. But no, you know, they're good. I mean, so I've never had a, I saw one dachshund. I was on my way to church there last Sunday and there was a lady walking a golden retriever and a dachshund and I thought, I looked at the dachshund and I thought it looks anorexic compared to my pair, you know. But they're just, they're lovers of food and I've never had a skinny dachshund yet, you know. They're just gorgeous. Yeah, yeah. I'm actually going to. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Long or short? Short hair. Short hair, yeah. Yeah, black and tan or red? Red. Yeah, my last two, the two before, Chloe and Sarah, Azara, were Cleo and Sarah and they were sisters and they were the survivors of a litter of five puppies. So those two were the only survivors of a litter of five and Sarah died of Cushing's disease and Cleo died from diabetes. Yeah, but apparently those two go hand in hand and when Sarah was diagnosed with that, said, oh well, you know, it's quite common in dachshunds. Never heard of it. Never heard of it in my life. Yes, yeah. So yeah, but they were sisters and they were black and tan. They were my first two black and tan. They were gorgeous, yeah. But I'll take them any size, any shape, any colour. I just love the breed. Oh, I love that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, oh, look, we go to the vet. We go to the vet with Zara and you open the door and it's like the expression on the face was, oh, hello, I'm back. You know, what's happening? Who's new? Majesty, right? Oh, yes, yes. She's very social and Cleo just saunters in afterwards, you know. Yeah, she's a bit more reluctant, but yeah, yes, no problems getting them to the vet. And if you get visitors, yeah, yeah. So what colour is the carpet? It's red. The main colour is red, but then it has a little design, like a diamond design. Yes, the carpet goes down the aisle and then the rest is like parquetry flooring. There is carpeted area up to the left as you're going at Duntroon. Duntroon's unique because you go downstairs to the Anglican Uniting and other denominations and you go up two stairs. You share the same narthrax, but then you go up two stairs to go to the Catholics. With the Anglicans, what we did, because I know HNS issue with wheelchairs and prams and things like that, so they took out some pews to the right and they've added a ramp, people can come in. And then they took out a few pews at the back of the church on the left so that people with children could have an area where they could take the children and still be part of the service. And then we have books and toys and paper that they can colour in and stuff there. Yes, yes, they do that too. Especially at baptisms, yes. You see them for a baptism and you don't see them again. Can you remember the last been to? Yes, we had four. That was about two weeks ago. Two weeks ago we had four baptisms and it was bedlam. It was just kids everywhere and the noise was deafening. The minister will say it's time for prayers and these kids are running wild. Yes, yes. So, yes, there was four. And what they do at Duntoon with the Anglicans, oh the chaplains change. They only stay for a period of about three years. But this one, now when there's a baptism, they have a little bear. One of the ladies makes up the bears. They have little coats and things on and then on the back of the bears it states the child's name and the date that they were baptized. Yes! Yeah, so kids seem to like them. Yes? Okay. comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.