 But that was after Easter, was it? Or Easter weekend, if that's... Easter weekend's probably better. Yes, we went to my son, Jason and Claire, and my daughter-in-law Claire's house. Had a Easter egg hunt with the kids, grandkids, and gave them their gifts, because we decided to give them something besides Easter eggs. We gave them all DVDs, they were very excited. Then on Sunday we had lunch with my other son, Chris and his partner Alana, and the two boys. So did the same thing with them. Easter egg hunt and gave them their DVDs. And then on the Monday, Easter Monday, we got online. They all came over to our place, so we had them all for our place at lunchtime. And we got my youngest son, who's in California, online and had a chat. So it's very, very good. Busy, but good. On Thursday, I think we left early, so would have left about three. Got home about 3.30. The egg hunt. A couple of packets, so probably 40. 40 of the little ones. Found them all? Yep. The kids are good at sniffing it out. Got six grandkids, they can find them. You know what brand? Cabriolet. Where are those from? Coles, Gungahlin. Normally shop? We normally shop at Gungahlin, yeah, but it could be Coles or Woolworths. So when you go to Coles, whereabouts? Lately, we've been parking near the Audi. Yeah, the Audi shop, whatever it's called. No, no Gungahlin. Do you remember any stores? Yeah, yeah, we've got the Brumbies Bakery, the Cheap Shop, as we call it, the Travel Agency, News Agency, Telstra. There's Optometrist there. Florals, Floral Shop. Miller's just moved, so I don't think they're there anymore. No, it's the Chemist now, and Best and Least. Do you normally go to that newsagent? Yep. Do you know any? No. For lunch? We had a barbecue, so it would have been sausages for the kids. Well burnt steak for me, and hamburgers. No. Yep, I don't like any pink at all. Do you know where the steak that was? Not really. He always gets the best one. I can remember Sirloin, I think. Yeah, Sirloin. Time? It was like 10 or 11 o'clock at night there, the day before us. Oh. It is. But when you're online on called, forgotten what we call it, Skype, you can see the time on the side there. So yeah, so we try and keep it to a minimum because we know he's got to go to bed or go to work. Yep. How long has the son been over there? Since 2004, 2004, 2005, something like that. Yeah. California? Yes. We went in 2009, no, 2008 when he graduated. Went for his graduation on his 21st birthday. IT, so he was doing IT security. So yeah, did really well. Got honours. Good effort. Yeah. He's doing really well. He's head of an IT department now, so he's doing very well. I'm a bit like, oh, I can use him, but not the background. So yeah, we're going to meet him in Hawaii in October. Yeah, that'll be nice. Do you remember which airline you flew over to warn your dad? Yes. We were on the one that they grounded, American Airlines and Qantas. They grounded all the flights when we got there. So we were stuck in Las Vegas, no, Los Angeles. So well, they grounded all the flights, so all the planes. And yeah, for this one airline. So they had to try and reschedule everybody's flight on the other carriers. So we arrived at about 10 AM, and then we got put in lines until we didn't get into the airport to get into and onto the next flight to San Francisco until 6 or 7 PM that night. So we were stuck in lines all day with no food or water because we were outside where they had all the restaurants and everything. So we were just stuck in lines, and we couldn't go anywhere. It was terrible. Oh, there was a lot of unhappy people because the lines were going from the security desks or the terminal all the way out over the bridges into the car park. It was a bad day. Yeah, and we couldn't contact him either. Couldn't contact David because we didn't have mobile phones with me. And there was no phones in the areas where we were. We had to wait till we got the ticket and got through, and they gave us a voucher to call him. So he's been panicking. Where are you? Where are you? Ringing up the airlines, and they're saying, sorry, we can't give out that information. We can't give out that information. So it was a nightmare. Fly with them again? No. No. At any stage over the weekend, you go in? Yeah, they're going to go in the marketplace. Well, there's two there. There's the one where Coles is and the one where Big W is. So we went there, and I think we went to Bell Common Mall too. Remember where you parked? On the top near the new bit up the top. I can't remember what that street's called. Called what? Not particularly. They're probably all Holdens or Fords. They all look the same to me. White or silver? Yeah, they were white. And did you have to pay for that parking? No, because we were only there a short time. Do you remember if you were running light? I don't, because I don't drive. We have seen people do it. There was a fact on the way home one night. There was a car in front of us, and we thought he was going to slow down and stop, but he didn't. He kept going right through the red light, and we went, oh my god. That was at near Gungahlin Exchange up to under the bridge. We thought he was going to cause an accident. Yeah, he was lucky he got through. Some people sleep at the wheel, I'm sure. Is that the way? No. Well, this morning on the way to work, there was a young person, I think a pea platter, swerving in and out. We know when it was raining so close that I thought they were going to go into front of the car in front of them. And when the cars in front put their brakes on, and he had to stop or brake, he had to go swerve to the side off the road and almost hit the barrier. So he didn't hit them. Yeah, in the rain. Thinking, give yourself some space. They're everywhere, aren't they? They are. All right. Yep. You could respond no comment to all of them. Yeah. Do you know what day of the week? No comment. The last. No comment. Car. No comment. No comment. You own a mobile. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Driver's license. No comment. No comment. No comment. When was the last time you? No comment. No comment. Is your email address? No comment. No comment. Color is? No comment. Birth? No comment. That's all, thanks.