 So the weekend just gone? Yep. Okay, starting from when? Okay, I'll start from Saturday. Saturday morning, I woke up about 6.30. I woke up, I've got a baby, so I got my baby up, changed her nappy first thing in the morning. Got her changed into her day clothes, then breastfed her. Then after that, gave her some breakfast, some cereal. And then I got dressed in my gym clothes and had some breakfast myself. And then packed my bag because I was going to a personal training class. So I left home at about, actually as I got my bag, I realised that my water bottle had leaked everywhere. So that delayed me a little bit, so I had to, everything was wet. So just grabbed another bag and repacked that. And then left home in my car. It was just after 7, nearly 7.35, 7.40. I drove to one of my girlfriend's house. The house has picked her up. Then we drove to another suburb, Canberra, and got there just before 8 o'clock in the morning. And then we were met by a personal trainer and about four other women. And did a personal training class which consisted of running, push-ups, boxing, different sets of boxing, combined with squats, other exercises, running back and forth. So the class went for about 45 minutes. After the class finished, well then we did a cool down, just some light stretches. And helped pack up all the gym boxing equipment. And then got back in the car with my friend. And we chatted in the car and I drove her to her place. When I got to her house, her husband had just come back from taking her baby for a walk. So I had a chat to her husband and we'll talk to the baby one way station. And so I was probably there for about just five minutes in the car chatting to them. Then I left there and drove home. So I got home, it was just after 9 o'clock. And I had a shower and got into my clothes for the day. I made a coffee, an espresso coffee. And my partner had put the baby to sleep. So I had a coffee, put some laundry washing on. And just did some general tidying up the house, some chores. And then from there my partner was waiting for his mate to come because they were going on a motorbike trip. So we just waited and then his mate got there about 11ish. And made him a coffee, chatted to him. He'd ridden his bike down from Sydney. My partner had printed out a map. I was meant to be at home, the support base for their motorbike ride. In case anything went wrong, I don't know what I was going to do. But he'd printed out the map so they were explaining to me where they were going to go on this motorbike adventure. So yeah, they left, well that was after 11. But by that time my baby had woken up. I think she woke up about 10.30 so I'd got her up in between that. And fed her some milk, sat her in a high chair. She had, I changed her nappy of course. Then put her in the high chair and she had some milk, banana, cheese, ate all that. So just really playing with her as well as talking to my partner and his friend. And I did the coffee. And then they left and then it was, baby was just playing. She was just crawling around, just follows around. So I had some lunch. Just had a tomato and cheese sandwich and some fruit. And then after lunch I packed a bag for her and put her in the car. And we went, drove to Toys R Us at Majura Park. Had to buy a first birthday present for a little boy that's in our mother's group. And I'd collected money from others so I was the delegated present buyer. So went to Toys R Us and just walked through the aisles, bought the toys. And then from there, yeah we were probably there maybe 40 minutes to an hour. And left Majura Park. It was a pretty grey, miserable day so we didn't do anything else. I just drove her home then. So when we got home I put her to bed. She had a nap. I just once again potted around the house. Just started a diploma in education. So I was just doing some research on the internet for that. I had to look up some old qualifications that I had. So I did that on the computer and I checked my emails and did some other, looking at some other shopping websites. Got a bit sidetracked. About 4.30 she woke up and she was really coughing. And she had gone to bed well but the cough concerned me. So I packed her up, put her in the car and went to the, there's like a 24 hour clinic nearby. So I went to the clinic and booked her in to see a doctor. We had about a 40, 50 minute wait there. So I just sat in the waiting room entertaining her waiting. And we were eventually called up by a doctor and he examined her. And he was concerned that she had croup. And so after seeing him he gave me a prescription. So there's just a pharmacy on site so I put that in to be made up. And in the meantime I sat with her and we were talking to a young guy, playing games with the baby. And then I was called up. They gave me the medication and explained how she was to have it. And just by chance where the doctor's is, there's a DVD video shop for hire called Easy Hire or something. So I went and hired two DVDs to watch. I got Whistle Breakers and also another DVD called The Help. So I got those and we got back in the car and drove home. By the time I got home it was about quarter past six. I then fed the baby. She's normally in bed by that time. So I made it snappy, fed the baby, got her changed for bed and made her give her a medication and then put her to bed. It was about quarter past seven. When she went to bed I got some dinner for myself. I just had some leftover risotto. So I heated that up in the microwave and ate that. So I had a couple of little Easter eggs. And then I sat down and watched the first of the DVDs, which was The Whistle Blower. And during that I made a cup of tea as well. Paused it, made a cup of tea. Had a phone call from my partner just wanting to know how it got on at the doctor's. So I updated him. The first DVD finished, it was around ten-ish, ten o'clock. And then I put on the next DVD, The Help. And I watched that and that went to probably about quarter to midnight. And when I finished watching that I then got ready and put my pyjamas on and went to bed. I slept right through and I woke up at about, it was, I looked at the clock when I woke up, it was 6.45 exactly. And I woke up as I heard my baby just talking. And I thought, you'd think I'm a bad mother here, but I thought I'll lay here. We normally get her up at 7am. But I thought I'll lay here for five minutes. Well, my five minutes, the next minute I looked in, it was 7.45. And I heard her again, but I'd say she went back to sleep as well. She's got a lot of toys in her cot, so she's happy to read and play with her toys. So yeah, yeah, chats away to herself. So I got up and got her up and once again changed her nappy, put her into her day clothes. And then from there breastfed her, then gave her breakfast. And then I had a shower and got dressed myself and had some breakfast. And then I put her in a little SmartTrike, which is a bicycle that you stand behind and you push. And I walked with her to our local shops. So first went to the news agency. It was probably after nine o'clock that day. So I went to the news agency and I bought the, I'm originally from Melbourne, so I bought the Melbourne Herald Sun, Sunday paper. And I bought the Sydney Telegraph as well. So I bought the paper and then I walked with her to the Woolworths, just in the shopping centre. And I ran into a guy from work. So I said hello to him and he introduced me to his friends. They'd just been having brunch. So I chatted to them just briefly. Then we went into Woolworths and I bought some groceries. And from there went and paid for them and then walked home with the baby. Once we got home, I put her to bed and she went to sleep. And I just put on some washing, hung out some more washing. Then she didn't sleep for all that long really. I think I was pretty much just folding some clothes, doing some chores like that. And then she woke up probably 11, 11.30ish. And I got her up and gave her some lunch. And I didn't really have lunch, I just had some snack. And I, oh yeah, while she was asleep actually, I wrapped the birthday present, wrote on the card. Yeah, so when she got up and she had lunch, then I got the bag ready to go to the party. And we left home, I went out to pack the car because they were quite big, the presents. I put them in the car, put all of her stuff in the car, put the address into the GPS. And then went back and got her out of the house and put her in the car. And we left home about 10 past one. And we got to the party about 1.25. And we, once I got to the party, I was met there by another friend who arrived at the same time. And then the little boy whose birthday it was, his mum came out. And she helped me carry in the present and I carried my child baby in. And yeah, so we're at the party and pretty much just her first birthday. The kids just sitting there or crawling, some of them walking. And there was finger food and birthday cake. And we left there at about quarter past three. And I drove home, but on the way home I went to the video shop and dropped the DVDs back. And I drove straight home. Once we got home, I, the baby to bed. She hadn't slept till about five. And I was just folding, that sounds like all I ever do is I was folding some laundry. No, I'd had sheets on the line. So I bought them in. Yeah, I bought the washing in because it was a beautiful day. Yes, the baby, I got her out of bed about 10 past five. Fed her, bathed her and got her ready for bed. And by this time my partner had rang and they were having troubles with one of the motorbikes. So he'd actually, after I put her to bed, he got home. And his mate had stayed in Cooma. They'd had a problem with the motorbike. So he came home, rode his motorbike home, got the car, was going to go to trailer and go and pick his mate up. And then from there, I stayed at home and I'd cooked, already cooked dinner. And so once I put the baby, she'd had all her dinner and everything. I put her to bed and then I just had some dinner. And then they probably both got home. I remember the biggest loser was on television. So maybe about seven, quarter past seven, they got home. And yeah, he's got a Ducati. It's a replica Mike Haywood. If you're a Ducati person, you would know. I've only learned about motorbikes. Yeah, going out with him. He imported it from Japan. So I'm trying to think, maybe, look, 10 months. Yes, screw top and then the top lifts off. Everlast, they're pink, very girly. The ones I had on were pink. No, I didn't. Another site called My Habit. It's a good site. No. Emma Stone. And there's a colored lady. Can't think of her name. It's the 1960s, late 60s, because JFK assassinated. That's featured in the movie. Oh, it might be Frank. That's a guess. So you're going to learn something? No. All right. No comment. No comment. No comment. Train station. No comment.