 Okay, last Friday night I decided to watch TV and I went to the shops first when I got home. Then I went home, had some dinner, cooked myself some dinner and then put on I'm Really Brilliant Glee and watched Glee and then watched a movie and then I spoke to my daughter who rang from Sydney so we had a nice good half an hour conversation and then my mum rang so I spoke to my mum and then on Saturday I rang my sister because it was her husband's 60th and he's not well and then spoke to my daughter again about the long weekend and about John and then Saturday afternoon I went shopping and I got the TV series One Tree Hill so Saturday afternoon I decided that I would have lunch and then just have a veg day because I'm at the house by myself and I'll never get the house to myself so I just spent the afternoon watching movies and having a sleep and then I just went out and got myself some dinner Saturday night. My son rang from Japan and then messaged me a couple of times about his trip and so I sent a message to sister and two sisters just to tell him where he was up to and then watched a bit more TV, read a book and went to bed. Sunday I did some housework, went down to the mall just to have a coffee, ran into a friend there and did some paperwork when I got home, watched TV and didn't really do much at all. It was a very boring weekend because I was the only person home for the weekend. Would have been about 10 o'clock. It would have been chicken with a bit of roast veggies. I was watching the latest season which is season four or three I think it is. Yeah it was just on TV. Channel 10 which is Capital. The movie I was watching was um I started watching Pride and Prejudice which is a musical on Pride and Prejudice which is a musical on Pride and Prejudice and I just watched that on our desk box. I got the DVD. Not quite a couple of hours. Came up. No. No I didn't. I bought it from Sanity in Tagwanong. I parked the car up on the top because I always park it there. Oh and then on Sunday I cleaned out my walk-in wardrobe and dropped the clothes off at the um Swift like the St. Vinny's DePaul's. No. Parking is free at Tagwanong on the weekend. There wasn't any. About 6.30? Tokyo but he'll be on a bullet train right this minute changing town. Yes. He's having a ball so that's all that counts. Spring. Spring. Kept watching just One Tree Hill. Um so season eight probably watched the first watched the first disc and half of the second disc by the end of the weekend. There's must be about episode six. No it's just a um um I just was reading my psychology book that my psychologist has asked me to read so it's on happiness. Probably about 8.30 I had an early night. No Tagwanong again. Close. Coincidence. We were both at the um muffin break so at the same time so we sort of caught up for a few minutes there. She was ordering a coffee for herself and her daughter and they were both ordering a sandwich and a muffin. Yes. No. I went to Kmart. Went to drop the clothes off at St. Vincent DePaul. Went to have a look at some clothes shops so I went into um Target. I went into Rockmans. I also went into 26. No. Worked out with new clothes but not more clothes. Do you know the name of the one of my I have two daughters. The one that's living in Sydney. She's living in Willoughby in New South Wales in Sydney and she works in Chatswood. She doesn't have a car so she walks and it takes her a 45 minute walk roughly to and from work and a 45 minute walk if she walks to the Chatswoods Mall and it's a 25 minutes walk to just to go to get a grocery. Oh she loves it. About three and a half hours depends on it's more when you get into Sydney and the traffic once you get into Sydney but it's pretty good because you go straight under the bridge and she's practically straight away on when you get her outside. Usually go under the tunnel. I've been over the bridge once but that was because we were staying in Sydney. My son and I on the other side of the harbor and where we came out.. it came out so that we went over the bridge okay no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment... comment.