 Friday night I came home, didn't really do very much. Then on Saturday I was supposed to do some study but you know what it's like when you know you should be studying but you're not. You just cannot get in the mood to do it. So I decided that my friends were coming over that night so I thought well I'm not going to bother so I'll just keep, I'll just watch what I'm doing and you know so I didn't end up studying and then my friends arrived about five o'clock and so we had dinner. You see I'm house sitting at the moment so well I should really say I'm dog sitting at the moment. So in regards to that I have to, they arrived and so we watched a bit of telly and then we said well we're getting hungry so we'll go and get some dinner and because they never have any money we decided that we would get McDonald's. So we ordered McDonald's for dinner and then we came back and the post I'm staying at they've got everything that opens and shut. You know they've got a vacuum cleaner that's shaped, looks like a spaceship but you push a button, yeah you push a button and it'll actually, it's a robot and it plays music. It plays ABBA and it plays the vacuum cleaner and so I showed them the vacuum cleaner as it's playing ABBA and all this sort of stuff and it lights up and it actually looks like a spaceship. It's glows blue lights and so and we played that and the dog was fascinated by it too which is their dog which I kind of thought would have been strange that's their you know the dog is from the house where I'm sorry, would have been used to the vacuum cleaner. And so anyway I'd already discovered that earlier in the day so that's I checked up how much the price was so I was telling the girls how much it was and then we went and got our dinner and then we came back and as I said they have everything that opens and shuts so they have so many movies and everything else but in the end we ended up watching what was on the TV so and then from that we and then when the movie finished they went home and then I went to bed and then the next day I was going to do some, I wanted to do some study but my mum rang and said that my sister needed to due to her husband going down the coast and family issues and work issues that my sister's having we had to actually drive her down to Batemans Bay for the day so we so we drove down to Batemans Bay and we we met my sister and her husband and her three children and we went to the club for lunch and from that we we they wanted to us to go back to their timeshare and I thought no I've been there done that before so I decided that I said to mum we'll go and go around to the shoe shop. Mum had won some money on the poker machine so we so she used her winnings from the poker machines to buy two pairs of shoes I couldn't find anything I like and I came home did a little bit of study when I got home eventually about we got home what um eight o'clock so I studied for about an hour and then went to bed and that was my weekend and that was it. So do you remember time on Friday? Um Friday yes well was it the week before sort of all rolls into each other doesn't it uh um yeah no actually I worked a little later last Friday because um I ended up getting home about um ten to five because I worked there was something at work that I had to finish off first I'm studying human resources at um CIT that's at the Reid campus it's spelt the same way as my surname too but that's another thing but similar yeah. Where do you park? When I go there I park directly across the road um I mean I was actually really upset about that because um we had that we're studying HR you you learn about all different things and we were learning about sexual assault and stuff like that anyway I went across to get my car last last lesson and um all the lights were out at the car park so they had to um so I've got to get around to actually putting in a complaint about that because that's really scary because. Do you do it late at night? Yeah because I'm getting out um about eight or nine o'clock and it's a bit late bit late and yeah a bit worrying yeah it's totally pitch black you can't even see your hand in front of your face. Do you have a dog that you have to sit in with? Border Collie black and white yes I do actually believe it or not he is five years old because the last time I was over at my friend's place where we we have sing star nights there that as I said got everything that opens and shut and we had a sing star thing and what they do is they they've got they've bought a whole lot of music off the internet and in doing so they um you can actually sing sing with um ABBA and um the Beatles and stuff and so it's like a karaoke so so yeah anyway the last time we were there my friends mentioned that the um how old the dog was while we were singing yeah yeah well that's why. Can you recognize it? Yes I can it was Walk the Line we missed the first five minutes of it but I think we got 90% of the whole movie. Oh yeah now that's interesting that's a good question you're asking now Jack Queen Phoenix but I do know his real name was was actually he originally started off his name was Leaf but yeah Jack Queen something like that French sounding sort of name yeah James yeah he was originally Leaf he was that was his brother was um River Phoenix. He died of it? Um yeah I think he died of um overdose of some sort or something like that um outside the Viper Club or something like that or something like that anyway yeah. Do you recall what time? Um yes I had to get up early because we were going down the coast so I got up about um eight no seven o'clock no six o'clock because I threw the dog outside got myself all ready went over to but went back to where my own house to pick my mum up um and we were supposed to have left at eight o'clock and Carolyn didn't get there till nine. I could have killed her um and so yes um the drive to Batemans Bay was about two and a half hours two hours or something like that nothing more than that uh yes it was Bate Haven uh Liquidators and I've got a special discount card there so that's why we went. You know any Marissa I think? Dave? No comment. When was the last time you were driving a car on a day night? No comment. Who was it? No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment No comment!