 Okay, I got up to go to work yesterday. I work far away from where the uni's at, so just drove and drive there usually to an eventful day. Pretty much, you know, the norm in terms of what I do week to week. We had a meeting yesterday in the morning and someone from another department came in and spoke to us about some issues that were popping up at work and, you know, things that we needed to kind of take care of or look in more detail in terms of what we were doing. I'm being a bit vague. It didn't do much. I met a friend for dinner that evening close by and caught up with her for a while because I hadn't seen her in a long time and pretty much the rest of the night. Didn't do much. I got home and did my normal routine and went to bed. I guess, you know, I usually watch something stupid on TV or watch a documentary that I don't really need to watch when on my computer, but I think last night I watched The Apprentice, so yeah, pretty good. And then, is there anything eventful that I did? I think I made lunch for the next day, cooked up some lentils and then tried to find other things to kind of put with the lentils but didn't really get anywhere. Trying to think of what else I did. Maybe during that day, you know, I spoke to a couple of people. We had a few laughs about my falling off bike previous and I found out that someone that I was working with was going overseas quite soon. She's going to New York and finally got a visa sorted out and things like that, so she's leaving quite soon. Yeah, did you want to ask me another question? Should I just try and talk about it in more detail? Sorry, my day's so boring. Yeah, on the way back, it was pretty bad. I don't know why I left a bit later than normal and there must have been a jam or something on that major road, but it was taking a lot longer to get back compared to usual. But in the end, fine. What else I did? I was watching all those Apprentice episodes and getting a bit of a headache and I don't know why I'm... it's a bit silly. Okay, so I think during that... Can I talk about what I did today? Oh yeah, well, I guess recently I started having proper breakfast again. Previous to that, I wasn't really... I was rushing out of the house in the morning, getting to work, starving myself for the first couple of hours in the morning because I couldn't be bothered going and getting food. And then when it comes to 11, 11.30, your stomach really kind of going to explode, clearly dying for food and then you end up having a really massive lunch, pretty much breakfast and lunch together. So I started having, I guess, good breakfast again so that I guess so that I've... that way I don't have to have that lunch, like a massive lunch. But because where I work, there's a couple of places down the road. There's a bakery down the road, there's an Indian place down the road. I guess it's, you know, very tempting and also because I'm at the hospital, you know, there's a food canteen so I kind of always find myself going down and eating things I don't really need to be eating. So yeah, so that's a good thing that, you know, I guess over the last couple of days I've started having breakfast again. I guess in terms of what I do at work, it's not so busy these couple of weeks because I'm wrapping up there and there's not, you know, there's not a lot to be done in terms of, you know, research studies and things like that, you know, we don't have as many participants coming in. So in a way it's good, you know, I can focus on other things and I guess, you know, just wrapping up things that I'm going to leave for the next person and, you know, things like that. But at the same time, sometimes, you know, the day passes quite slowly and, you know, you're kind of, you know, flopping around looking for something to do. So yeah, I guess it's a bit weird being back at uni because I'm often not here and kind of feeling like, I guess, having been away from uni for the last couple of years, that feels a bit weird being among the other students and kind of everyone, you know, doing their courses and I'm just kind of not really learning. But yeah, it's good to come back every now and then. I guess I'm, you know, kind of thinking about, you know, in terms of my applications, what I'm going to do next year and, you know, like where I'm going to be next year when uni starts up again, whether or not I'll be, you know, doing some kind of course or, you know, something like that. So I'm thinking about that at the moment. Yeah, yep, I actually drove into uni today. So yeah, it was fun. I came in quite early and I was surprised to see that it was, you know, obviously the cars were all, you know, all the car parks already filled out and I ended up parking quite far away and walking. It's pretty much impossible to find all day parking around uni if you come in any later than, I don't know, quite early in the morning, I guess. So that was a bit frustrating in the morning, kind of turning, you know, turning back and kind of just driving all around and yes, I don't have a bus anymore. So I wonder if, you know, it's different and, you know, the buses are less packed nowadays. Not sure. What else can I tell you? Yeah, so we had the work meeting. We usually have work meetings on that day, but there was an issue that came up because in terms of what we do, we do some scans and, you know, obviously letters get sent out to the patients that have the scans done, you know, letting them know that, you know, there's nothing abnormal that's shown up or, you know, if there is, obviously, you know, we get them to contact us, but there was an issue in which someone had sent out the wrong letter to the person and the person had gotten a letter saying that, you know, there was something wrong and, you know, looked a bit, you know, suspicious and they spent the day freaking out, but really it wasn't that person, it was someone else. So I don't know how that happened because there would have been the address and the name of the person in that letter. So even if they'd got the letter, they would, you know, they should have seen that it wasn't them, but so that was why we had the person in the hospital come and talk to us about, you know, obviously, you know, being more careful in terms of sending out those letters and obviously not wanting to panic. I mean, have people panic when, you know, they get a letter saying that they've got something wrong with them when they don't really, but I think that's happened in the past to the same person that actually sent out the letter. So there was a new system that was developed to make sure that, you know, all the letters were getting sent through the same person and that it wasn't going to be, you know, handled by different people and I guess thereby reducing the chances of having a mistake being made and someone kind of being on the other hand of receiving that mistake the person committed. Yeah, the meeting was fine. We usually have food at these meetings, so as usual there was a usual spread of biscuits and chocolate and some things like that. No, I didn't, no, because I drove, so I didn't run into, didn't really see anyone, didn't really see anyone in terms of being on the train and things like that. Yeah, these people, like, they're just the people that I work with, so we work within a big kind of, like, people do their own different studies, so everyone's in charge of, like, a different kind of study that they do and, you know, they're all, like, they're all like myself, so kind of having had a couple of years of uni and, you know, look, doing some work in between then and then thinking to possibly go back to uni in the next couple of years, I guess. So pretty much, you know, I'm the same wavelength as myself. We all get along quite well and, yeah, it's good. It's good to kind of have a discussion. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No comment. No comment. No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.