 Yep, sure. Okay, so, um, trying to remember Monday. I feel like every day is blurring together. Um, all right, so on Monday, uh, Monday I'd go to uni. Uh, so in the morning, trying to think, yeah, I guess in the morning I would have gotten up and, um, yeah, I can't even remember. Yeah, oh, okay, so I got up. I didn't eat anything before leaving the house. Um, I would have had, uh, I think I had like some food ready, so I would have gotten that and put it in my bag. Um, and I think it was like a yogurt, an apple, and a bread roll. And, um, then I would have gone and, you know, um, then I would have gotten on the train, caught the train to Central, got off the train, walked to the bus stop, um, caught the bus, but I didn't catch an express bus, caught like a bus that went to Randwick and walked down, uh, walked down the hill from Randwick to the uni. Uh, and then when I got to uni, I went and got, and, um, once I got a coffee, I would go up to my office and eat my breakfast, coffee, and my, like, I keep my laptop cupboard and in my office, so I would have got it out of the cupboard and set it up and got a pair of headphones out of another cupboard that's locked and plug those into my laptop so I can music. And then, then I would have gone about my morning routine, which is usually to check my various email account there and then get on with whatever work I'm supposed to be doing for that day. So the work I was doing that day was, um, I have some sort of, uh, data that I'd entered into a database and I was working out sort of correlation in this data. So I did data entry and then worked correlation. Um, it, you know, it seemed okay at the time and I was getting work done, but today I found out that actually virtually none of the correlations that I was interested in are significant. So not, not too pleased as of today, but on Monday that was okay. Um, so yeah, that was, that was mostly what I was working on as well as like, uh, using sort of Microsoft Paint to make some stimulus images for a study that I'll be running next year. So paint is always annoying and I hate it, but if that's what I've got to work with on my computer, then that'll do. Um, yes, I was just making some geometric shapes and I had some that I'd made previously that were all colored and I decided that I wanted to change them all so they were just black, like white images. But this was a bit of a problem because in paint, if you can't just use the fill to fill a, you know, a colored geometric shape that you've already got, if it's not a square, it won't fill properly. So like it'll be black in the middle, but then around the edges, there'll be jaggedy bits of where the color, previous color is still there. Um, so just changing them from one color to black and white took a lot longer than I thought, but yeah, I managed. And, um, oh yeah, and I went to the gym in the middle of the day. Class was alright. Um, I don't really like sizing, but I think I'm getting a little bit fitter because I don't feel like I'm dying when I do the classes anymore. Um, and then in the afternoon on Monday, I can't remember, I think I, I think I probably just went home. I don't remember what I did in the evening. Oh no, no, I remember. I went and I went to like a little film screening thing, um, about cryptozoology, which was interesting, or at least it was sort of funny, I guess. Um, so yeah, that was, that was pretty much what I did on Monday. Um, it was at a place in Annandale. They run a lot of like cult film upstairs of a furniture shop. Uh, no, I didn't go home. I was meeting some people to go there, like to go screening with, but they were running late. So I went from the uni to the place screening was, and I was early, and they were there. So there's like a McDonald's nearby, so I went and just hung out and read a book in the McDonald's while I was waiting. Yeah, um, no, nothing interesting happened in McDonald's. I had a McFlurry. It was alright. Um, I was probably there for about maybe 35 minutes. Uh, my friends met me at the place of the screening. Well, not at, not at the McDonald's, but the McDonald's. Uh, I actually didn't get it home. I walked. Uh, I wouldn't do it if it was by myself, but I was with other people, so I feel like, uh, two other, uh, no, my boyfriend and one of, uh, yeah. Uh, yeah, in the morning I walk in. Um, okay, it's about maybe two or three blocks, um, from my house to the station. Uh, it's mostly, it's through pretty much a residual area, um, with a lot of like blocks. Um, yeah, it's, it's pretty close by. Um, the streets are really narrow, um, though, and like usually there's cars parked on either side of street, even though a bit too narrow for that to really, really be. There shouldn't be cars parked on either side. So sometimes crossing the road is a little bit, um, dicey, cause you see cars coming, but yeah, it's not too far. It's good to get a bit of a walk in the morning, I suppose. Um, because it was the first one that came and because like not that many breast bust now, like a lot of them are on uni holiday. So, right? But I, well, that's what I mean. I, I sometimes I'm there and I see like people queued up or I feel like I queue for a really long time. So I was there at the wrong time, obviously. Yeah, no, but I get, try to get a Randwick one because I'm usually on Upperc so if we get a Randwick one, I can walk down here to walk uphill. Um, I don't mind my office mates. It's more that, um, sometimes people who aren't my office mate managed to make their way into our office. Cause there are so many people share this office that sometimes if people come and go like strangers enter and people don't question them. So I'm more worried that some person that nobody knows is going to come and make off with my stuff. Um, also I've got my laptop doesn't have a password on and I have like discipline data on there that's credential. So I feel like, well, ethically, really I should lock this up. So yeah, probably, probably that would be another solution. Yeah. But, um, yeah. So, you know, I guess I do trust my office. No comment. No, no, no, no, no, no, no comment. No, no, no, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.