 Okay, so I woke up in the morning. Actually, I was trying to get up early and accomplish things yesterday. So I got up, I tried to get kind of, you know, wake up and get doing things by about 8.30, which I find really difficult because I don't enjoy morning. But I did accomplish that. So I was trying to do uni work from home, which is another thing that I don't find easy just because it's really distracting. But I did manage to get started. So I was working on a presentation that I need to give. So I think the first thing I would have done is get up and eat a very small breakfast. I think I had like an apple or something. And then I got to work. So I was a little bit stressed because I had to finish my PowerPoint presentation the night before I'd sent it off to my supervisors to have a look at. And so then, like that day, what I was doing was trying to make it look a bit more aesthetically pleasing. So I was sitting there trying to decide where can I put pictures into this and like, what can I, which sort of, you know, Microsoft PowerPoint theme should I choose to make this a more attractive presentation? And yes, I went for a very sort of subdued grey and white kind of theme. But I don't know, I think that was an alright choice. After that, I just kind of went over and over the presentation that I need to give to try to get familiar with it. Because again, I guess like a lot of people that don't enjoy public speaking. So yeah, I spent most of the day practicing my talk and in between just kind of yeah, pottering about my house. In the afternoon, I went for a walk, just to try to get some exercise and clear my mind, went and had a cup of coffee in between kind of the walk, like at the end of the walk. And then yeah, I went home and did more practice on the speech again. So yeah, not a very exciting day. In the afternoon, I like in the evening, I should say I met up with some people and like had some pizza and stuff, which was nice, because you know, good to get some socialising in. After that, I went and watched some friends of mine play, play one of those card games. It's like a, I think it's called Magic the Gathering, one of those ones where they have like all these different kind of monsters and stuff, and they have to attack each other's cards, using their cards. I don't fully understand the system. But yeah, they don't even play with real cards. They play it on like an Xbox or something. So that was yeah, again, not a hugely exciting evening. But you know, fair enough. It was good to kind of see people and yeah, watch them play their card game. So that was pretty much my day for yesterday. Not very eventful, but yeah, not too bad either. Yeah, sure. So how I got to uni? Oh, yeah. So yeah, I it's actually takes me a long time to get to uni. I get a bus and a train. So yeah, I'd sort of get up in the morning, walk to the train station. That takes about eight to 10 minutes. Then wait around a little while for a train, get a train into Central. Then from Central, I go down to the Eddy Avenue side and wait for the bus, usually those express buses. So yeah, then once you're on the bus, it's usually not too bad if it's not too crowded. If it is crowded, you may be waiting for quite a while. But lately, it's not been too bad, I think, because you know, it's kind of end of semester and a lot of people aren't at uni all the time. So then get a bus to the university. The express bus goes up High Street and I'd usually get off on one of the upper, like upper campus kind of stops. Yeah, so that's my trip to uni, bus and train and a little bit of walking. Yes, I love sleeping in. I love sleeping in. Yeah, I don't know. I'd rather it if days were shifted just a little bit. So if we kind of started work at, I don't know, 10 and finished at six, that would be my ideal kind of, you know, the job situation if the world was set up like that. Yeah, I don't know. I'd rather stay later than get up earlier. Yeah, unfortunately, most things don't run that way. No, I really try not to because I don't get anything done when I work at home. I'm a bit distractible. So it's better to, well, you know, I guess I'm distractible when my stuff is there and I can think of lots of other options of things I could be doing. Whereas if I'm at university, I have less distracting items lying around. So I tend to tend to focus a bit better. And yeah, I would usually get more done if I'm not sitting around at home. No, I walk. Yeah, I don't actually own a bike, which sometimes I think about getting a bike. But I don't know, I think Sydney's a bit scary for the bike riders. I hear about people getting hit. So that puts me off that. But yeah, I actually very rarely see anyone I know on the train or even on the bus. Yeah, yeah, always good. Yeah, actually very rarely with work colleagues. Sometimes, like I guess it's sometimes nice to try to catch up with old work colleagues. But yeah, very rarely happens, usually just with other friends. Yeah, I saw the same work colleagues when I was on the train earlier. No, yeah, I do normally eat a breakfast. Never feel hungry in the morning. Yes, I did. No, no worries. No worries. No, it was with just friends of mine. And I guess it was only sort of going out like we did go out for a little bit first. But then we went to someone's house and got pizza delivered to the house. So it was yeah, eating not not home cooked food, but eating it at some place. What route did I take? I walked kind of not a not a very scenic walk. I walked from my house to to Burwood actually, which is it's a couple of kilometres. It's probably about three kilometres. So I walk mostly kind of roughly along the train line. And I walked around the shops a little bit at Burwood. And I walked back towards my place and had a coffee at a cafe kind of near my house. So I guess around the round trip was yeah, probably I don't know, maybe about four kilometres, maybe a bit more than that. Yeah, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment, no comment.