 I feel like all the days blur together at the moment. Okay, so on Monday I would have woken up. I feel like, I'm trying to remember, like last week I was on a real run of trying to get up sort of early or like, you know, yeah, not sleeping in. I can't remember if that worked or not on Monday. Anyway, I got up. I'm pretty sure I didn't have any breakfast or anything. I would have just gotten up, gotten dressed and left my house. I would have, before leaving, I would have, you know, yeah, like brushed my teeth and this kind of thing. And I would have put like some food in my bag to have at breakfast, to have a breakfast once I got to uni. I would have walked to the station. Already would have had a ticket but gotten on the train, caught the train to Central then changed to get on a bus. I actually remember on the bus I ran into like a kind of friend that I hadn't seen for a long time who actually didn't realise that we went to the same uni. So that was kind of good, had a bit of a chat on the bus. Got off the bus then went and waited at like a coffee stall to get a coffee. Got a mocha with one sugar. And usually I have a little cup thing, like my own little reusable cup that I bring, but I didn't have that on that day. So I got a disposable one. The wait was pretty short because there's not a lot of people around campus at the moment. Then I would have gone up to my office space that I've got, set up my laptop. Often I leave my laptop at uni but I had it at the moment because I'd taken it home over the weekend. So I set it up and my usual routine is like checking emails and this kind of thing in the morning, procrastinating a little bit before doing work for the day. And I think the main thing I was doing on Monday was like kind of data processing, which is kind of boring, but I was trying to do some revision of new stuff that I'd learned about that. So yeah, I think Monday was mostly a revision kind of day and like practicing for a speech I had to do later in the week. I went home early actually on Monday as well and did the same routine except backwards to get home. So yeah, take a bus and then take a train. Going home is never a good option for me because I don't get any work done when I try to work from home. But I did it anyway and I got a little bit of work done but not very much. And yeah, it was a very quiet evening for me I think. I didn't do very much at all. I saw my sister and just kind of like I picked up some stuff from her house and then I just went home and kind of sat around at home not doing much and went to bed early because I was really tired. It was a very, yeah, very nothing kind of day, very Monday kind of day I think. And I feel like that was not a great deal of detail but that was pretty much my main recollections of Monday. Time do I reckon I went to bed? I reckon I probably went to bed between 12 and 12.30 because I tend to be a bit of a night owl but I'm trying to reign it in to sensible time and so that's my average at the moment. Ah, I showed up there just after 6.30. Yeah, my sister's house. It's actually quite close to my house. It's like, it's a couple of blocks away but it takes maybe five minutes walk. Yeah, so very close by. Yeah, yep, I walked over there. Not much, a little bit, actually just a pedal for a sewing machine and like a DVD that she lent me, yeah. And an umbrella because it had been raining. Every now and then, not that often. Not as often as you might think considering that we live so close by but yeah, more often than I used to, yeah. Not really, it was very, very kind of standard. I just kind of walked home. I considered, like there's, I think there's actually two corner shops somehow on the walk between there. I considered stopping and getting like ice cream and stuff but I didn't end up doing it. Probably should have, I think, yeah. Yeah, usually I just walk the same way. There's one way that's kind of the quickest way so that's the way I go, yeah. Yeah, on the bus I saw, I saw a friend. Well, it's kind of, I guess he's kind of a friend of a friend really but it's like someone I've met a few times before. Yeah, but it was kind of nice, just kind of made chit-chat about uni. I guess I don't really know him that well but it was still kind of nice to see him. He's just a nice person really. It was, yeah, alright. On the bus on the way to uni. So it was like at Central Station. I was about to get on the bus and then someone tapped me on the shoulder and I turned around and I was like, oh, hello, how are you? Yeah. Not too long actually. I find that at this kind of time of year it's not, it's not that great. Like there are less kind of buses so you often have to wait for longer but this time I got there just at the right time so I just kind of ran to get on the bus. Ah, yes, was on the bus with me as well. I think, I'm pretty sure we parted ways at the coffee shop but like walked up to the coffee shop. Yeah, I could not remember that. But not as many as there usually would be. It's usually really busy at this time of year. I think there were only a few people. I'd say, I'd estimate less than five. No, didn't know anyone. I think most of them do. I go there nearly every day. There's one particular guy who will always say hello and he knows what my order is. I think most of the others recognise me but they don't usually take my order so they don't, you know, they don't know what I have. Yeah. I forgot my cup. Yeah, I've got, I know that sounds silly, I've got like a reusable plastic cup thing because I have guilt over the amount of paper cups that I throw away. So I usually bring my own cup but I forgot it so had to get a paper one. Um, what did I do for lunch? I think I had lunch at my desk which is a bit sad. Oh yeah, I remember what I did for lunch. I just had like in the morning when I grabbed my food to bring to uni, I got like an apple, a yogurt and I think I had like a little bread roll or something. So I had the yogurt and the bread roll for lunch. Yep, at my desk. Quite a lot. It's pretty big. I think there's, oh there'd be at least 15 desks in there. It's quite empty so most of the time there's kind of, yeah, just a few people there or no one there so it's not too bad from that perspective. Um, I think there might have been maybe two or three other people there on Monday morning. I can't specifically remember who but there's a few like usual suspects that are there all the time so I can guess who was probably there. Okay. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Okay, great.