 trying to remember what, if anything happened in the morning in particular. Let's see, Tuesday is the day that they have band down at school. So I would have, and then the challenge is getting everybody up and ready to go out the door by eight o'clock because that's when kids have to be down at school for band. And I usually go down there about 15 minutes beforehand to set up. So I went down, that means opening up the music cupboard, pulling out all of the music stands, setting them all up, setting up all the various different chairs and instruments. There's quite a few instruments that use power, so there's quite a bit of plugging in of amplifiers and hooking up the various keyboards and so forth. So sort of getting that ready for eight o'clock. And then getting, so the kids sort themselves out with that. And then when I get home back again, that's when I put together the various lunches and things for the day. So pack the school bags and then take them back down to school so that they're there for them ready when they, because they don't get to come home again between their band rehearsal and going to class. So that would have been up until then. Then I probably went, I actually can't remember, but would have gone and had a coffee probably at the coffee shop in Bondi Junction, I go to, and then came into work. And it was the day after the marks were all due here. So there were a few little bits and pieces that need to be sorted out there. So I figured, sort of sorted them out, added up the last few marks and sent them off. And then I went back to all of the outstanding marks from last term and went through that list and saw if there were any of those that would be updated and updated those. Then I had a meeting with my supervisor to plan out the next year, some of the sort of teaching things we'd be doing and some of the various other administrative stuff that's going to be happening during next year. And then really just spent the afternoon doing emailing and various very boring things like that. I don't think there was anything more significant that came out of that, to be honest. It was raining a lot. I remember when I got off the bus, I actually went into the newsagent and got a new umbrella because it was raining so hard that I didn't want to walk home that sort of 10, 15 minutes without an umbrella. So I bought a blue spotty umbrella from the newsagent near my bus stop and then walked home. And then I think we just had a, my partner was working, so I was just at home with the kids. We had a nice early dinner and didn't really do very much I think beyond that. Nothing springs out as being particularly significant. It would have been a quiet evening, which is unusual because I was out all last week. It was actually the first night I'd just been in at home for a while. Yeah, so it was really nice, quiet dinner. Well, actually they have to be at the school by eight, but we're very, very close to the school. So the two, it basically means the same thing. Yeah, so I go down a little bit earlier to set up and then they follow down. Or if sometimes my younger is, she's ready earlier, so she comes down with me and helps set up. But the older one is generally last minute. So no, there's usually other people there. That morning there were probably, I think, let's see, there was the parent of the boy that plays the drums. He was there to help set the drums up. One of my neighbours whose son plays the keyboard, she was there to help set those up as well. And then the band conductor usually arrives at about five to eight and then he sort of helps finish setting up a lot of the electrical stuff. Yes. So two other parents plus the band, the conductor. Yes, yeah, because we're very close. So to go home and then pack up the lunches and come back again? Probably about 45 minutes. No, because I would have, it takes about, so you would have dropped those things off. I'd say more likely about quarter past nine. I go to the same place. There is someone we know there who works there. I'm trying to think if he was there that day or not. I don't know if, I wouldn't say being recognised by anyone else, no. I didn't recognise anyone there today. Caught the bus. Oh, it's usually about 20 minutes, not too bad. Nothing springs to mind. I usually have my music on so I tend to zone out. I had two that were quite easy to resolve and then I had one that was more complicated and in fact still hasn't been resolved. Midday. About 35, just myself. I had lunch after. No, I had my lunch with me I think. Can't be sure but I'd rarely go out and have lunch. I almost always bring my lunch with me. So I think it's more likely. No, no, because it was raining that day and also I generally have stuff that needs heating up so I usually eat lunch in the lunchroom at work, in the common room, so you warm things up and eat there. Oh, yeah, it wasn't boring. It was just more just not particularly productive in the sense at the end of it. I mean, no, even that's not true. It was one of those ones where you sort of have all of those little niggly things that have to be finished off before the end of it. So, you know, I was trying to sort out the employment of a couple of research assistants and I was trying to arrange the timetabling for next year's teaching allocations and sort of those things which you don't really, you still, you rarely feel like you've actually completed the task by the end of the day. You've just kind of gone a little bit further towards resolution. I didn't buy a raincoat that day. I just bought an umbrella. Yeah, from the newsagent. $14.95. I hope it lasts for a little while. I don't have, hold out great hopes, I have to say, but it was, there was one for $9.95 and I think that was fine. I got this one, which was a little bit more expensive. I'm trying to remember if we watched anything online. I know we read, I read a chapter of James the Giant Peach. I don't think we watched anything, no, I think we just read. No comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Yeah, now we've added. A lot more than a good customer offer. So, I kind of been meaning to share more from the workshop so. And that's where most people are.