 Ah, yesterday, okay, so, um, the kids were off for sleepovers, so we didn't have to get up too early yesterday, so let me think what we did. So I was, got up, had breakfast, nice and quiet, got to read the paper, which was nice. Went up to our local bread shop and got some nice fresh bread, came back, one of the kids was dropped off at that point, so they went off on their Saturday, there's, oh, Sunday, yeah, Sunday morning, so they went off to Nippers, um, and I went over to collect someone out, the other kid from, um, where they'd been having their sleepover. We sort of mucked around at home for a bit, uh, then we went down to the park, had a bit of a play in the park. It rained, so we had to sort of dash under shelter for a while, and then we came back home again. I went up to do some shopping, did a bit of grocery shopping, met a friend for a coffee, went in, yeah, did supermarket and then also greengrocer shopping, um, had a little bit of a look at some other shops as well, uh, came home and had a nice, um, Sunday dinner, and then everyone went to bed, pretty much. Uh, checked my email, didn't watch any, no, no, we don't have television, so, um, no, checked email, read, I was, yeah, did a bit of reading, um, listened to the radio a bit, uh, folded the laundry, got the lunches ready for school the next day. Um, okay, so, yeah, now, well, I went to, I have got, had a couple of different things I had to do, so I had to go to the greengrocers first, so, um, bought, uh, what did I get from there? I got, um, the ingredients for a chicken casserole, so we already had the chicken, so I just needed, um, potatoes and carrots and some onions and leeks and celery to put into the casserole, so I got those. Uh, got some avocados, they were on special, so I got some avocados, I got some mangoes, because the kids really like mangoes, and finally they were down to a reasonable price. Bought bananas, they were a reasonable price as well, so that was pretty good, um, and a few other bits and pieces for sandwiches, and then after that I went to Coles and got, you know, cheese and various other kind of grocery items, um, a few things for Halloween, um, and then I caught, I was just in time to catch the bus home, so that was good, and I'd always add, I had to carry the shopping up home, it was a little bit more than I was hoping to have carry, to carry, but I managed it, um, that's about it, really. So you got the bus? Yeah, uh, well, no, I didn't have to wait long, because luckily, I, because I was just in time for it, I thought I was about to miss it, but actually, luckily, I made it. Um, it's only a very short bus ride, it's pretty, probably only about 10 minutes, you can usually walk home, but not when you're carrying four bags of shopping. Um, it was pretty crowded, considering that it was, but it was, it's the last bus to that area, so it's probably one of the reasons why it was a bit crowded. Um, when I got off, uh, where we live, um, I saw a couple of our neighbours, had a bit of a chat to them, um, one of them's got kids at the same school, so we were just kind of planning the week a bit, working out who, if anyone was coming over for a sleep, you know, for a play, or any of those sorts of things. Um, yeah, not much to report on the bus trip itself, pretty much, it was one of the old buses, not one of the nice new buses, um, and, um, yeah, probably panicked a bit, yep. Uh, who did we, no, we didn't really, oh, no, we did, that's, no, no, I'm not, we did, we ran into one of my son's friends from school, um, and they had a bit of a play in the playground, um, didn't run into any of my younger child's friends, um, but it is pretty busy down there, I mean, you see lots of people you know, not, not a lot of people you necessarily stop and talk to, but we said, it was a beautiful day up until the rain, and then it cleared, and then it was a really lovely, um, day down, it was a nice, a nice day to be out there, actually, it was good. Um, it's always pretty busy down by the beach on Sunday mornings, there's lots of nippers running around, and lots of things going on, there was a, an egg, uh, sausage sizzle, so we all got eggs and bacon rolls, um, for our lunches, um, so that was, but it's always a pretty, pretty nice Sunday thing, um, and then we walked home from, from there, so a bit of a walk up the hill, getting back up on the beach, home. No, no, the person I had a coffee with later on was somebody else, yeah, someone, someone I know from work, um, no, so they were, they were different, different people, yeah, but the park's very much kind of kid-centered, um, person I met for coffee, um, yeah, someone I work with, um, not someone who, who would have been around the beach at the time, um, yeah, we went to the place we usually go for coffee, I actually ended up having, um, something to eat as well there, uh, so I had, um, some tomato and avocado on toast, that was very nice, um, and the friend I met just had a coffee and a biscotti, so they didn't eat quite so much, but, um, I did, and we had a nice, nice chat about, sort of, work things, and how things were going for, for her, um, and what else, well, I can't really think, um, no, we just sort of talked about friends we knew, I think, yeah, so nothing, nothing particular springs to mind about that, um, not many, but, um, because we usually have seen each other enough during work, but this particular friend's been away from work for a while, so, um, it was a nice opportunity to, to catch up with her, um, because usually she doesn't come into work very often, so usually when she comes in she's pretty busy, so I don't get a chance to talk to her there, uh, no, I didn't catch a taxi, I caught a bus home, um, yeah, so I didn't have to wait too long for that, uh, no, no, I don't think, oh, wait a minute, did I send her, no, I don't think so, no, I don't think I sent her an email, no, no, I think that was someone different, different, usual things, catching up on bread, um, I had to email, yeah, I had, it was a kind of mixture of, of personal and work stuff, mostly personal emails, um, planning up, planning a picnic in a couple of weeks with some friends and family, so I was kind of trying to organise that through the emailing, um, thing, so that was, that was kind of working quite well, um, and then you could get distracted looking at other things on, and you had to stop and close the email down to the next day, otherwise you could spend all day, all night on it, uh, last night, I think it was just music, I don't, I'm not sure, it was most, would have been, um, we usually listen to, um, 2MBS FM, I don't remember what the music was, this morning when we turned the radio on, it was, they were talking about the Qantas dispute, it was, um, it was Radio National, um, breakfast, um, but last night, no, I'm not sure, I can't remember, actually, who was on, I think, all right, we're done, okay, so that's all I say, it's just no comment, yeah, you just say no comment, okay, all right, okay, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. So funny.