 as much as possible. Okay. Hard to make up this, okay. Little idea. Diary and then I might know. Literally, yeah, literally. No, the blue one on top because Wednesday's already gone almost completely from my mind. Okay, aha! You see, there you go, now I remember, I think. All right. Um, so, yes, Wednesday I had been planning to stay at home because I had a, we'd had a big day the night, day before. One of the kids had been performing at, at a sort of, you know, combined school thing. So we didn't get home till late and I was feeling pretty sick. So I'd intended to stay at home, but luckily I remember just in time that I was supposed to be actually presenting at a seminar at midday. So, let's see, the morning would have been something along the lines of getting up just probably sometime after six, maybe around sort of 6.30. I generally get up first. So I generally, after that point, I'd usually get up, get a lawn and some tea on to get ready. And then in between, while that's brewing, have a shower and get dressed. And then, cause I get up a bit earlier than everyone else, I get to sit a bit quietly and drink my tea and re-read the paper. Wouldn't have been the actual, would have been one of the weekly paper, one of the mother-in-law daily paper. Then it would have been sort of getting everybody up for school and getting them dressed and all of those sorts of things. Nothing springs to mind as having any ghillie different on that day. Then I went up to a local sort of group of shops and I had a look at a couple of things there. One in particular was a secondhand shop up there cause I'd seen quite a nice clock in the window and I thought I'd go and have a look, but it turned out not be nice, or nicer in a distance. I went from there to a delicatessen and I bought some prosciutto and also some special pasta and a couple of pastries for the kids later on. Then I went on into a coffee shop and I had a coffee and then I came in from there to work. Then we had a seminar, so that was a seminar where different people were sort of sharing their experiences of particularly things to do with marking and use of internet, oh not internet, information technology in class, so different kinds of learning platforms. And I was talking a little bit about some changes we'd made in the subject that I teach, which I won't mention, and the way we'd sort of rearranged some of the teaching for that, a bit about that. And then after that I probably did things like email for a while. And then I left and came home to the school, I would've got there just before 4.30. And then I helped one of the other parents at the school clear out the band room, which is the room where all the musical instruments are stored, so we pulled everything out and sorted out stuff through a whole lot of things and then put them all back in the band room slightly more neatly. And that took till about six o'clock. Then I went home and some dinner on. We had sausages and tatoe and broccoli for dinner that night and I sent off one of the kids off to Cubs, Cubs, and I stayed at home with the other one. And we probably bar, Dorys, you can see our diary. I walked almost always, yeah. No, it probably takes about 15 minutes from home. Yeah, not too bad. The ones in at Bono Junction were fine, they were all inside. No, these ones were outside, but still, as long as you're not walking too quick, it's fine. No, that would have caught a bus, so no, don't think so. I'd say about 15 all up. Yeah. The ones, it's a regular series that's arranged by one of my colleagues on teaching, but it's not one that I necessarily go to every time. It was, yes, it was why I, well, also because I'm transitioning from one diary to another and I hadn't moved it across into my new diary. So luckily, I saw it in time. Not at this one, no, not at this series, no. Well, that went till two, and so then up until, probably didn't do that much else at work, left, probably left work about three, 3.30, and then went home, and then, bus and then walk. Oh, it's just the standard bus from here that go through back to Bono Junction. Nothing remarkable, couldn't say. Can't say, can't remember, no comment. Probably not too long, actually, because I think, I certainly wasn't late home, so normally, if I have, I'm normally leaving work and cutting it pretty fine. The fact that I wasn't late back for the 4.30 obligation meant probably I didn't have to wait. Not that I'm, no, I don't think so. Yes, sounds very exciting. Well, I'm one of the parents that helps with the band at my son's school, and so really, it was just, it's a room that's just been used as a storage space for years, and no one's really ever kind of taken a bit of stock of what's there, and we just pull out the things in front and take them out and then come back in again. So, yeah, so it was an opportunity to actually try and make a bit more space for things that we will use, so we threw away things such as a box of CDs that had been recorded in 1996, and that we keep a couple of copies, things like that. So there's been stuff just sitting in there for a long time that no one's really looked at. Yeah, not a good friend of one of the parents. I'd say she's someone I know reasonably well, but I wouldn't say she's a friend. I see her quite often, but mostly over sort of school-related stuff. I don't see her socially, no. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no, no comment just went off. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.