 Ah yes, I went to the beach. I went to the beach on Tuesday. So, I got up, got up in the morning, watched sunrise, as in sunrise the program, not the actual sunrise, though they're getting closer together in time. Had some breakfast and then decided to go to the beach. Had to catch the train and then the bus to the beach. When I got to the beach, it was raining, so I went to a cafe instead and used, I'd taken my laptop, so I used my laptop in the while, for a while in the cafe. Just looking at random things on the internet. Then got a bit more bored, met a friend for a drink in the evening and was home by about 10 o'clock. Oh, I didn't catch a taxi. I caught the train and then a bus. In terms of their price, I couldn't say. Can't really remember because I had a return ticket and then I caught a bus, but then yeah, yeah, I couldn't really remember. Nope, nope, nope. Just normal commuters going in. It gets, it starts to get a bit kind of rougher around when I was heading in because the morning commute is over, so it's much more scattered people and people start doing more irritating things on the train, like listening to their music too loud and that sort of stuff. But no, so no, I didn't recognize anybody on the train. I watched sunrise, that was till nine, probably got to the train station about 10.30. Just got ready. Yeah, just got ready. No, no, no, no phone calls. Checked the internet, but no, I didn't have any, didn't have any phone calls or make any phone calls. Walked, that's about 10 minutes. Yeah, there's only, well, I guess there's more than one way to go, but yeah, same way every time. Oh, not long. Probably about five minutes. From where I live to the station to get next to the bus, that would have been about 50 minutes. So the beaches are far away. Yeah. About 10 minutes. No, it was very boring. I wish something interesting had happened. No, it was pretty empty because it was about 11. Well, no, it wouldn't have been about 11.30. Well, yeah, it would have been about 11.30-ish and it was raining by that time, so not many people thought it was a good idea to go to the beach. Nope, I was just at the beach by myself. Lunch, lunch, I ended up having at a cafe when I realized that it was raining too bad that I probably wouldn't really have a good time at the beach. Yeah. No, no, just thought it looks nice. So just thought I'd pop in there and it said that they had Wi-Fi, free Wi-Fi. So I thought, yeah, that's good enough. Yeah. Ah, they looked like there were people there, so I figured I would be less likely to get food poisoning from a restaurant where there were people, cafe where there were people. So also that reason. Yeah, yeah, I guess. Yeah. When the weather improves, so it's worth going that way again. A couple of hours. Yeah, probably a couple of hours. We'd already arranged to meet earlier. We organized it last week. So yeah, so I already knew I'd be doing that in the kind of afternoon, evening. Ah, no, no, we both just had an idea that we kind of show up to the same place at the same time. So I caught the bus. Yeah. Ah, no, different bus because I went into the city. Slightly same, but then it didn't go by the train station. Ah, about, about 20 minutes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And we'll know them through work. Yeah. Yeah. No, it was just the two of us. We just thought we'd catch up for a drink. Yeah. Yeah. Well, not really catch up because we'd seen each other like the day before, but just have a drink. Yeah. Yeah. One of the waiters joked when I asked where the bathroom was, the building was a bit weird. And so you had to go out of the bar to get to the bathrooms and the waiter jokes that in order to get to the bathroom, you had to climb up a rope ladder, which was quite funny because it's a bar and you shouldn't make people climb rope ladders when you're at a bar when you're serving alcohol. But obviously it wasn't, wasn't up a rope ladder, but no, it was, it was, it was actually quite quiet there. That was probably the main thing I noticed. There just did not seem to be a lot of people out, I guess, because of the weather. Ah, caught the train. Um, waited about 10 minutes for the train. So I waited a little bit for the train. Yeah. Yeah. Ah, no, no, no, no, no. Maybe I need to learn and meet more people, but no, no, no, no. Everybody I know is sort of spread out more around the area than going to my, as in the city as opposed to going to my area. Yeah. Uh, no, it probably took about 25 minutes. So that was good. It wasn't an all stations train, so I didn't have to, that's kind of a pain when you just want to get home. No, I ended up getting a taxi cause it was a bit later and I don't really like walking home that late. So I got a taxi. Oh, not really. It's just, um, it's more creepy for the bats actually. There are lots of bats that live in the trees. So it's just kind of creepy in that respect. Good stuff. Thanks. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.