 Are you recording now? Is this constantly recording? Okay. Are you going to do some editing? I could. Yeah, sure, sure. Yep. Yep. Yep. No, that's okay. He got a text message. Okay. Oh, okay. Okay. So I got up, got up about 10, went out, walked to the kind of local shopping centre, had some breakfast there, I guess kind of breakfast, lunch, went to the movies. Um, that was a few hours, walked home, watched TV, ordered a pizza, went to bed about 10. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. No, no, no, no, not that day. Yeah. No, not that day. No, not very far. That's why you can walk. It's about say 10 minutes. Pretty flat. No, no, traffic lights are a bit slow, which is always irritating. But yeah, that was it. That was it. Yeah, lights are sleeping, light sleeping generally. So any day when I can maximise that. Yep, that's all good. No, I was by myself pretty much the whole day. No, no, no, the cinema was pretty full. Um, apparently, you know, midday on a Wednesday is popular time to go. Um, but other than that, no, I was pretty much by myself, kept to myself all day, didn't really see anyone. I know, sent a few text messages, that type of thing. But no, no, Facebook friend, you know, used Facebook a bit. But no. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Big user of MySpace before that. But that's really gone away now. It's really died off. Yeah, yeah. I don't use Twitter, but I like Facebook. Thinks true. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I saw Paranormal Activity 3. Um, so it was a prequel to the first two Paranormal Activity movies that kind of gives some background to what happened in those movies. It's about these two girls who are haunted by a demon or in the third one, it's, it's about, um, about, you know, why these things might have happened in their later life than which are covered in the first two movies. I walked home. Traffic lights were slow again. So yeah, that was, you know, painful as always. But yeah, no, no, it was nice. Just didn't want to get, you know, there was a lot of crazy weather going on, but thankfully didn't get caught in that. I think it was Tuesday. There was a big storm on Tuesday. Yeah, Wednesday was pretty quiet. Yeah, yeah, yeah, which was good. It was hot. It was really hot. I think that's why everyone was at the movies, maybe. Yeah, well, I'd like to go to movies anytime. Like going to the movies. Yep, yep. Yeah, yeah. Enjoyed the pizza. Always enjoy pizza, pizza and garlic bread. And got that ordered in. So that was good. Could still be pretty lazy and quiet and then just kind of watch TV. And yeah, that was the evening. Yeah, every time. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Local place. Yeah, yeah. No, no, I hadn't seen this guy before at all, actually. Yeah, yeah. Ah, no, there's a bit of variation in there. I hadn't seen this one before. Don't think I'd seen the one before that when I got pizza. So I get pizza often, but haven't noticed. There might be a high turnover of stuff there. Fair enough. Yeah. Riding around with hot food in your car. Yeah, probably not. Yeah, I imagine so. Yeah. Yeah, yesterday. Yesterday was a bit busier. What did I do? Pretty quiet during the day again, but I went to a gig in the evening. That was pretty good. I like going to gigs. I don't go to them often. But I really, this one was really good. But it's just people kept talking during the gig. Like they kept, you know, the band would be playing. They had three bands playing and the band would be, a band would be playing or, you know, there'd be a guy and girl, guy with the guitar and the girl would be singing and people just keep talking. And I find that really, I know I find it really rude to begin with. But you know, you can't hear the music properly and that kind of stuff. Like I was pretty close to the front, but still couldn't, still couldn't hear, hear what the people were singing sometimes. So that was pretty frustrating. Um, I caught the bus. Um, no, it was pretty good. I thought I was running late, but it's the, the, it took ages for the bus to come. There just didn't seem any buses going to the city, but then the bus finally did arrive. And it was really quick going into the city. I actually ended up arriving before my, um, my friends did. So I had to wait outside, which I also hate, hate being made wait. Um, but anyway, it was, it all worked out okay. We got there early enough to get kind of a good place near the front. So I said I was at the front. So yeah, so that was good. Oh, I went to the movie by myself. Um, but I saw my friends, saw some friends last night at the gig. Yeah. I caught the bus again. No, it was still pretty early. I left pretty early, so I'd be able to catch the bus. I'm, I'm counting my pennies at the moment. Yeah. Um, everyone just really wanted to get home basically. Um, it was, I was surprised that there was still so many people on the bus at that time. Like you always, you always think, oh, maybe I should get a taxi because there won't be that many people around and it wouldn't be safe, but there were just heaps of people around. It's um, yeah. So it really, really is safe. The just worst bit is walking home from the bus stop. It's just a bit dark and the, well, no, it's not, it's not even that far. It'd be kind of about 10 minutes, but it's not very well lit. So it makes you a bit nervous. No, a few cars went by, but it was pretty much just me walking home. Yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no, which is good. So you don't have to make conversation with people. Um, not really depends where I am, but not really. I used to work in a store and whenever I would catch the bus to or from work, there would always be, you know, a customer or something like that. And you would hope they wouldn't recognize you. So you wouldn't have to make conversation with them on your time. Yeah. Uh, no, I mean, it's a regular route, but you know, it's, I don't get that that often. No, no. Um, I saw somebody there, um, who I was very surprised to see there cause they're just a bit older. I know them through work. Um, but they didn't seem to recognize me. So that was good. Yeah. Ah, yep. Yep. No comments, no comments, no comments, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.