 Yesterday, so yesterday was Tuesday. I got up at 6 o'clock and went to the bathroom, went and turned on, no, went into the kitchen. I have psyllium husk for a digestive problem mixed with yogurt, so I take a couple of tablespoons of yogurt and some tablespoons of psyllium husk and mix that together. Turn on the TV, sit down, start stretching. I stretch, so as I'm stretching my legs I'm eating the psyllium husk and stuff. Then I stretched for 45 minutes, which I do every morning for my back. And then got changed, got into my gym clothes and put that, put my work clothes over the top. Brought my teeth, packed my stuff for work, left home a bit after 7, drove to work, which takes me 10 minutes or so. So parked the car, walked over to the gym, got to the gym at about 7.20, went, got changed in the change room. Then I went on the gym bike for 30 minutes and then did some other exercises for a couple of minutes. And then I, so I was there for about 40 minutes in the gym and then I had a shower and got changed. So then got to work. By the time that was all done, I was at work at 8.40, so I had to show my ID and finger press to get into work, sign in. So by the time I got to my office it was 8.40. And then was at my desk for most of the day. I saw a client in the afternoon for about 20 minutes. I went back to my desk. I was working there until, when did I leave work? 4? What did I do in the afternoon? Oh, that's what I did. I handed in my thesis. I left work at 4 so I could go and pick up my thesis which had been printed off. And called my partner to come with to meet me at uni so he could be there when I handed it in. While we were walking to where I had to hand it in, we ran into a friend of ours who's also doing his PhD. So he was quite excited that I was handing mine in and talking about how his was going and the fact we needed to catch up. I cut the conversation short because I wanted to be there before 5. So I got to where I had to hand it in at about quarter to five. That was all fine. I asked some questions about graduation ceremonies. Then we left probably five minutes later, walked back to where I'd parked the car. So I drove from work to uni, parked the car, then walked from there. And then so we walked back. My partner had also brought his car so we split off, drove back home which was like two minutes. Found a park around the corner from me because it's a 24-hour spot and not a three-hour spot. And then hung out at home for a couple of hours, had something to eat. My partner had made like burger patties so we had that. And then he went and had a nap. I watched TV. His sister was there so I was talking with her. Then woke him up because we were meant to meet up with friends for dinner. So he had a shower. I tidied up kitchen a bit. When he was ready I got changed. We left home at quarter past eight, the three of us. So his sister came as well. We drove to the city. We met a friend of ours and her partner in the city. And then we drove to her partner's place and parked the car there. Then we walked to Darling Harbour. We were going to go to one restaurant and then we got there and that restaurant no longer exists. So we went to another restaurant where my friend's partner's brother works. So we knew we'd get a discount on the menu. So we went there and I've been there a few times before so I really like that cafe. So we didn't have dinner. I'd say we got there at about nine. Didn't actually get the food until 9.30 so it's quite a very late dinner for me. I had a massive salad. It was very tasty. The food was all around very good. And that was really nice. We sat there until about 10.30, walked back to where the car was. So we would have gotten, said goodbye to everybody and then left. We would have gotten home at about 11. And then dropped, no actually we dropped off my partner's sister because she lives near us and then we went home. And then my partner was doing some work on the computer and I got changed, got some stuff ready for work the next day because then I don't have to worry about it in the morning. Watched a bit of Prison Break on DVD. My partner's really gotten into that. So that was, we ended up watching that until about just before one and then turned that off, got bed just after one and whole process up at six again this morning. No, I'm not. But it's like if I'm going to go to the gym I've just got to do it in the morning otherwise I don't have time. Yes, ran into a woman who, I'd run into her a few times and then I needed someone to observe me running a task in order for me to be accredited with it and someone gave me the name, this name. So I contacted that person by email and then when we met up we realised that was, you know, we'd seen each other at the gym. So I ran into her just briefly because she gets there a lot earlier than me and leaves earlier. So just said hi while I was on the bike and there's another officer who we say hello so we recognise each other but I don't know where, what his name is or where he's from. No, no, they're not, they're barely acquaintances those two people at the gym because it's a work gym so they're work people. Who you met up with? No, no, no, no, no. I met up with another friend who's actually originally a friend of my partner's. So I met him through that so that's three different sets. So a friend, then another set of friend and then acquaintance. Yes. Not that late in the middle of the week but yeah, depends on what's going on. I go salsa dancing in the evening so that can be, so tonight I'm going to be out late again for salsa dancing so coming back around 11 is normal for Wednesday night. Other nights I try and get to bed early. Okay, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm.