 Okay, no it's just funny like repeating the same word over and over. Sorry, my water bottle's kind of, because it won't stand up, I'm sorry, for yesterday. So yesterday I got up at clock and I got ready to leave the house and I left the house about seven to go to placement over in Chatswood. So my husband drove over there and dropped me off and I got there about, no, no, sorry, I lied. Yesterday I was running late so I got up late, I got up about 6.37, oh 6.30. So I left the house at 7.30 and so by the time I got to placement it was nearly quarter past nine because the traffic was really, really bad and then when I got to placement I sat in on an interview with a client, which was interesting. Then I had to administer some psych tests for him, which took a while because he kept talking. So that lasted from, so we were with the client from about 9.30 till 2.15 and then I just coded the tests and my supervisor had to interview another client so she'd left me with him and gone to start with the other client. So I finished him up, coded the tests and then I got picked up at three because my husband ended up taking the day off work. So he picked me up, he brought our dog along and so we went, we drove home, got through all the traffic, stopped at one of the parks near our home and took our dog for a walk. Then we went home, I went home and I was feeling really tired. I actually laid down and fell asleep, which I don't normally do and then my husband woke me up at like 7.30, which I was really annoyed about and then we ordered some dinner because late by the time I got up, about eight o'clock, we just ordered some pizza for dinner, watched TV and then went to bed. What do you mean? Oh I don't know, I normally go to bed late. I don't know, I just didn't hear the alarm. No, no my husband drove because he was going to drop me off and then go to work but he decided to take the day off instead of his other day off. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it was really bad along Princess Highway and then just getting through the city, I'm not sure what road it is, but getting towards the the Harbour Bridge was really, really bad. It was bumper to bumper and then getting onto the bridge was bumper to bumper and then it suddenly cleared and the traffic was just like clear. So the rest of the way to Chatswood. No, no, it was just ridiculous. I don't know why it was so busy but once we were on the bridge it just went and then we got to Chatswood real quick. At placement, um just three, myself, the client and my supervisor. No. Yes I did, I had lunch at like 2.30 because um yeah the client left about 2.15 and then I was eating my lunch while I was coding the test. No. Oh no, actually I got a coffee on the way to work because I always get coffee and so I got lunch then. Yeah, it's just around the corner from our house so it's close by because I need coffee every morning so we got a coffee and I just got a sandwich for lunch. Yeah, um it would have been probably 15, 20 minutes because it looked like it was about to start raining so we just threw the ball for her and got her some air. No, we didn't normally go to this park, it's around the corner, however it's not in walking distance so because we were driving on the way home we just stopped there. No, there was actually no one really around at that time because it was really overcast and it would have been about caught to fall by then. Um, yesterday there was uh two supervisors and the receptionist and then there was actually quite a few clients yesterday so there would have been the client I was with, another client that came in, client the other supervisor was seeing and then there was someone waiting for one of the clients. It was quite, did I interact with the other clients? No, I just I saw them but I only interacted with client that I sat in with. No, no, uh crust, not that often but if we get pizza we get it. Yeah, I actually don't know what suburb it's in because we didn't know about it for a while. It's nearby, um it never takes long to get there but I can't think of the suburbs. One of my friends was asking me, it lives in Rockdale, I know it's somewhere nearby. Oh, it would have been like eight o'clock, 8 30, half an hour maybe. I knew you were gonna ask that. Um, oh shoot, this was last night. Um, I know we watched American Dad like before we went to bed. Um, prior to that what were we in? Um, oh my god, I can't remember. Oh, that's right, we watched Happy Endings. Oh, that's right, um, Porn Stars is this show that's about um like a porn shop. It's in Hawking like Jewelry and stuff, not, not, not the other thing. So we watched that and then um American Dad and then The Simpsons and no off the internet. There's no comment? Yeah. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment,