 Okay, so yesterday I got up at about six o'clock and I got ready for work because I had placement that day. So I got up, got ready, I left the house about seven o'clock. My partner drove me to Chatswood, which is where my placement is. So it took a while to get there and we got there about ten to eight, so it was a bit early. I got some coffee. I had to go get something from K-Mart quickly, so I did that. K-Mart is just near my placement. And then I went to the office for my placement and there was no one there yet. So I just waited at the cafe, which is nearby. And then at about 8.30 someone rocked up. So I went into placement and do you want me to describe what I did at placement? Okay, so I spoke to my supervisor for a while and originally I was going to sit in on an assessment interview with another supervisor there. However, the client didn't turn up. So that fell through. So I ended up talking to my supervisor for a bit longer and then she had a client turning up at 11. So I ended up sitting in on that. And so that was an assessment interview that ran till 2.30. And then at 2.30 I went and got some lunch and then at about 3 I went back to the office and just did some reading. Yeah, I think I did some reading and I, oh that's right, I scored and interpreted some psychometric tests and then just had a chat to my supervisor and then went home about six o'clock. Is that not? Okay. Okay. Okay. So my partner picked me up. So then we left the city about six o'clock. We got home at seven. What did I do when I got home? I think I took the dog for a walk, but I can't be certain. Oh, that's right. So we went to the local shop and got some chicken burgers for dinner. Had that and then just kind of watched TV for the rest of the night, I think, just relax. Oh, that's right. We watched How I Met Your Mother. Oh, geez. So it wasn't stuff on TV. It was stuff downloaded off the internet. Oh, geez. I have a bad memory. Maybe a movie. I really can't remember. Sorry. Okay. So yeah, it took a while because there was a bit of traffic. So we had to go through the city and then across the bridge, the harbour bridge. There was a lot of traffic leading up to the harbour bridge. So it normally takes about 40 minutes. So that's probably normal and it might have taken just over 40 minutes that morning. So maybe the next 10 minutes. But there was lots of traffic up onto the bridge. Yeah, I just went to Kmart. Okay. Okay. Well, we got there early and I actually didn't have any stockings. So I had to go to Kmart and get some. And yeah, I just quickly, I mean, if I didn't have time, I didn't have time. It didn't really bother me, but I thought I'm early. So I'll just go over there and I went and got some stockings and put them on and then got coffee. Walked over to placement. No, just my husband was with me, but no. Yes. If I have work or placement or uni, I get up around six or seven. Yeah. I don't download movies. I download, it's that we get off the internet, like shows from America. So it's like live streaming shows. And yeah, we do it often because there's nothing on TV unless you've got pay TV, which we don't. For lunch, I went to the cafe, which is right near the place. And I got a, oh, that's right. I asked for a veggie burger, but I didn't want the bread. I just wanted like the veggie burger and salad and like an open salad. And anyway, he ended up giving me falafel because I don't know why I said to him at the end, you know, that was nice. Did you make the burgers? Cause like they were little burgers and they look like falafel. And he was like, oh no, I actually gave you the falafel because I thought this would be better instead of the burger. So I was like, okay, strange, but it was a bit pricey. So yeah, I'm very happy. Yeah. So I wasn't just reading. I was reading some research related to the field and then I was scoring psychometric tests of the client that we saw earlier that day and also of a client from the previous day. And then I was interpreting those tests with my supervisor. And then in between that, I was talking to my supervisor about different things that had happened throughout the day. No, there was the administrative, like, like the receptionist lady who was there. And then there was also another colleague that was there that I spoke to cause he had the one left before three o'clock. I don't take public transport. So I didn't, I didn't have a coffee with my boss. I, um, I had a coffee by myself cause my boss, cause I normally get a coffee before work cause I just don't function otherwise. So I had a coffee by myself and then, um, I went to work once, once she had arrived. No. And like I said, I can't, I think I took her for a walk, but I'm not a hundred percent certain. Cause it depends on the weather and you know, if I can be bothered whether I should take her for a walk. So I can't recall exactly whether I took her for a walk, but I'm pretty sure I did. And no, I didn't run into anything. I don't really know anyone in the area. Not often. No. Um, on that particular night, cause we'd got home by seven o'clock and it had been a long day. So we just thought stuff that we'll just buy dinner. No, it was just the same route getting there, but because it was a city traffic going home and the Harbor bridge is what takes forever. Just getting over the Harbor bridge and they come in, they come in, they come in, they come in, they come in, they come in and they come and they come in, they come in common, comment, they come in, they come in, they come in, they come in, they are coming. Nekomen, nekomen, nekomen, demosuk speakers.