 Okay, on Sunday I woke up at about four in the morning because my husband's brothers stayed the night and they were getting up at 5.30 to leave and I woke up and I remembered that I wanted to let them know the night before to make sure my cats didn't get out when they were unpacking their stuff from the house. So I got up at 4.30 and I wrote a note and I put it on their bag and then I went back to bed and then I was waking up at 5.30 because they were ringing my husband because I told them I wasn't going to get up and see them off. So he got up and then he came back to bed which woke me up and then I ended up getting up about nine o'clock I think. No, no I think I slept until 11. And then I got up, did some housework, tidied the house because they had stayed so it was a bit messy. Just vacuumed, washed the floors. Then I did some uni work and then at about three o'clock one of my friends came over and we had some afternoon tea and had a chat and then she left about six and I made some dinner. I think I made hamburgers with mashed potato and then Sunday night, god I wouldn't have a clue what I did on Sunday night. I would have watched TV but I don't know what. It was ages ago. I know right? I don't know. Oh we always go on the internet. I probably would have checked emails and Facebook and stuff but in terms of what we watched, I don't know. Probably around 11 but I don't actually remember that. I'm just going by what time I normally go around bed. 11 or 12 I think. You wake up at four on a Sunday morning? Not often. Sometimes I wake up at four or five during the night and I just can't get back to sleep or I just get up. But I think I was probably anxious about the fact that I'd forgotten to tell them to make sure the cats didn't get out. That's probably why I wake up. And then? Yeah my husband's brothers left about 5.30. Yeah two. They were in the study. Since Friday night? No. No because they're from Melbourne so they were on their way up passing through Sydney because one of them's moving up to Brisbane so they just stopped in while they were driving up to Brisbane. No. No they left by a car and that's why they had to pack the car because they brought it because he was moving he had a lot of stuff in his car and he brought it in the house because he didn't want to leave it in the car. So that's what I mean by he had to pack the car again. No because he was a bit worried about the area and stuff so he wanted like just all his really expensive belongings he brought inside and packed that morning. Two brothers? Yeah. Maybe an hour? I can't really remember I'm just guessing. No because I didn't get it all done so no I didn't. I probably checked my email, checked Facebook, stuffed around on the internet, had some lunch. My animals would have been annoying me so they would have been hanging around. Yeah maybe I did homework or uni work for about an hour. They didn't come back. My friend. We arranged that on... when did I see her? Friday. Yes because I saw her on Friday and so we arranged for her to come around on Sunday. On the Friday. Yeah. Yeah. No she drove over. No not on Sunday. Yeah. Oh she normally comes by because my husband normally has the car so she just comes by and we either go out shopping or just hang out at my house or whatever. No not on Sunday because I guess the shops were closing at five anyway and by the time she got there and we had some afternoon tea and stuff there wouldn't have been any point. She brought some cookies over because she likes to bait and we had a cup of tea. No I made them. Yeah. Yeah. Monday. On Monday I had placement so I had to get up early and go out to Chatswood and I sat in on an interview with a client in the morning then I sat in one on the afternoon and administered some psych tests for him. Good. Yeah so I was pretty much for clients all day on Monday and didn't only had time for lunch too. Yeah. I think the afternoon one took longer because he was a bit more complex so the morning one took... actually the morning one was really... wasn't that long at all it was about two hours and the afternoon one would have been three or four hours maybe three hours. No my husband drove me. Yes. In the morning it wasn't too bad it probably took about 40 minutes. In the night we went to go home and because it was raining the traffic was really bad just getting onto the bridge so we turned around and went out for dinner in Chatswood because it was bad. We went... there's a Kmart there that was open and I needed to get some things so we went to Kmart and then we went to a little pizza bar place which was in the shopping centre where Kmart is. Yeah. No if the traffic's really bad we just go out for dinner there's no point in sitting in traffic that's not moving. Yeah it was good. So what time did you get home? Oh it would have been six he picked me up at six so yeah it would have been at six and then it took half an hour in the traffic just to get back to Chatswood so we got to Kmart about 6.30. It would have been about nine probably 10 9.30 10. Would there be no comment questions? No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment. So what's happening with the database? I'm not fully aware of the study at all.