 I think I woke up late as usual because I was tired from going to the gym the night before. I didn't go out until Saturday but I was reading some stuff for induction for work, safety inductions and there's a couple of online courses that you have to do about steel making and just the processes that they do at work and you've got to do quizzes on them and you've got to read their policies and all that, policy documents, so I was trying to read them and getting bored. I was procrastinating on that for most of the day pretty much and then trying to do the quizzes, like just the hard quizzes or anything, you can look at the material while doing the quiz so it was just a little boring. But other than that I didn't get much done that Saturday. I was just sitting around. I'm not sure, I think it wasn't a very hot day was it? No. So it was alright but I didn't feel like going out that weekend. No, yeah, so I was pretty bored most of the Saturday. And I think Sunday as well. Sunday I didn't go to the gym as well. I don't know, I was so proud of myself, I went to the gym like two days that week so I was like yeah, let's take it easy now. And then I got lazy so I didn't go on Sunday which I should have. So I'm going to go today. Hopefully I haven't lost interest already. I just started like last Friday before last. I went on the Friday, the last Friday and then I went last week, like Tuesday, no Monday and Wednesday and then I actually started the Friday before that. So this week I'll try and do three days probably. And that's got to do, get a couple of things done faster like got to start buying some stuff for moving away. I just got a couple of lists written down so I just got to go out and buy now. Yeah, pretty much. This Saturday night. I've got to organise some meetups and stuff before I leave but I just want to get this induction and all this stuff finished off first before organising those so I don't do it too late. Oh, phone call. Yeah, I made a phone call to my cousin but yeah, not, well I guess my cousin's my maid as well but yeah. She just left, she went back home to Malaysia. She normally stays around uni and dropped her off at the airport and then she called me to tell me that she arrived and then I had a chat there for a bit and yeah. I think she's going away to Europe or something with her friends next month so I'm pretty jealous. I'm like yeah, I'm just going to be in South Australia so pretty jealous about that. And Sunday, oh yeah, so I was going to go to, I was trying to find a ticket actually for Harvest. I was on Twitter trying to get, buy tickets off people but then most of them were sold out so I was like, I don't know. It's hard to trust some people as well, like they'll be like yeah, some people are selling for like $100 and it's like, that means I'd have to meet them on Sunday morning to go buy it and then, I don't know, it's from Bristol, what if they sell to someone else before or whatever. So I was like okay, better not. They were selling for like, yeah, $600 though, some of them. Yeah, so I was trying to do that and then Sunday I ended up waking up late again and because that's why I didn't go to the gym and again, mostly sad on my ass most of the day. $100? I don't know, I didn't buy them. I was contacting people on Twitter trying to buy it and Facebook and one on, because on the Facebook page for Harvest, one guy was like yeah, I'm selling two tickets and then I messaged him and he didn't reply for ages and then he was like oh yeah, they're sold out now. But one guy did reply on Twitter and then after that, I was going to go, he had two tickets. I asked another of my friends if he wanted to go and then he was like oh no, I'm going to save my coin, I'm not going to go. And I'm like okay, no, I don't feel like it. So I ended up bailing out. Not really, normally I buy them earlier. This one I didn't buy initially because it was like $160 and I was like okay, maybe not worth it for that much because I don't like all the bands there. So that's why I didn't buy it earlier on and then I was like oh, Nick's going, okay, some more motivation to go now. And then I asked another of my friends who usually goes to these type of festivals and then that's why he bailed out as well and I was like oh okay. No actually I did message him. So I didn't talk to him but I messaged him. I messaged him and I think he was driving so actually I tried to call him first and he didn't answer. I forgot about this actually. He didn't answer and then he was like oh yeah, I'm driving and then he messaged back. And he was actually going to come to the gym on, he doesn't go to that same gym, he just does work out at home. But he was going to trial the gym I go to and then he didn't, and then it turned out he was going to go to a boot camp on Sunday. So he didn't end up coming to the gym. So I got lots more motivation to go as well because of that I guess. And yeah, I didn't actually call him but I messaged him. Yeah, mostly that's pretty normal for me. Ah, nope, no. I would, yeah, I guess I don't do it all the time. It's not very common for me though. Mostly a home person. Wipe his gut. Yep. Yeah, I should have, no I can't even go to Laneway as well because that's going to be, I'm going to be away so I can't go to Laneway. But I think there wasn't, there weren't many that I really liked from Laneway. One band, we have a band called Girls. Yeah, I think that's the only one that sound good that I like. The other ones were sort of not that great I think. This is Laneway, I think, which one's the best? I think Yaysayer and Foles, Foles were good. And I was on Local Natives I think. That was good. They're sort of the newer ones. No, they haven't been around for that long. And yeah, I still got to see The National though. Hopefully they'll come for a single. I think they already did, did they do another single, I mean a single show this year or something in Sydney? I'm not sure. The next time I definitely need to go to the single show. But are they normally an hour? How long do they, are their shows, their single shows normally like longer than an hour or an hour? Longer than an hour. Yeah, then that's worth it. Yeah, because at the festival they only do like an hour or less an hour. Yeah, I have been getting up early doing this shoe vac and doing uni times but then the reason I get up late, I've been getting up late after exams is just, I'm just really lazy during the earlier times and then I just got into a cycle where I just stay up late. So it's just a cycle. I've got to get rid of it soon because when I go for work, then I, you know, there's no one to wake me up. There's no alarm. Oh, there are people but you know, I've got to take, be more responsible obviously and set proper alarms and wake up to those alarms pretty much. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment...