 Yesterday, so I think I was supposed to meet you yesterday morning, but I ended up getting up at like 2 or 1. I remember hearing your calls, I was like, oh no, I'm too sleepy. So yeah, that was pretty much how my day started off, waking up really late, feeling very lazy after exams. So, what do I do? Hmm, I mostly sat on the computer the whole day. I was planning to go to the gym, and I was still too lazy. Hopefully I can go today though, after this. What do I do? I look at the computer. Just reading forums mainly, that's what I do online. And look at stuff about football, the football transfer rumours and the current stuff that's happening in the Premier League. Mainly Arsenal related. And just seeing if I can buy stuff online, if there's anything cheap to buy online. Hmm, going and playing with my cat. I found some old photos of my cat, now he's about 10 years old. I found some photos when he was like 1 or 2 or something, so I was like, what, is it amazing? Because I haven't seen them for so long, it's weird to look at them. So that was interesting. Called someone for a while, a friend. Looked up more stuff about the vacation job. They just sent a pack of information about living over in Wyala. I was looking up some stuff from that, for information pack. Figuring out what stuff I need to buy and prepare and pack, and stuff for the job. To stay over there for 3 months. A lot of Facebook. Ah, no I didn't go out. I didn't go out yesterday. TV, oh wait, I watched the Blu-ray of 300 the night before though. And, well, yep, so yesterday I went to sleep. When do I go to sleep? About 3 or 4am or something. That's pretty normal for me when I'm just lazy, just like, not done getting up early. So I'm just like, ok, I'll just sleep. I'm late. And, hmm, it's mainly my lazy self coming out. No, I'm a very indoors person. So, I didn't go out every day. What I should be doing is getting back to doing exercise. Because I've got a lot of fat in my belly. What's that called? I forgot what type. Anyway, stored fat. Which I need to get rid of. So I can wear my shirt without looking like a fatty. Yeah, so I'll just head back to the gym probably today. And it's going to be pretty hard. Because I remember last time when I stopped going and went back. I couldn't even do 10-20 minutes on the treadmill. I only lasted 10 minutes. And I normally start off with a warm up and a roller or something. And then do upper body on one day. And then finish with a 20 minute run. And then another day, all lower body. And then again, different type of cardio at the end. I normally only went 2 days. I'm supposed to go 3 and do all stretches and repeats of all this stuff on one day. But I got too lazy during uni. And I've got some supplements as well. Protein supplements. I've got a bit of a protein supplement. So I've got a bit of that to finish off. But the thing with that is you've got to... I don't know if you've used that before. You've got to take it on non-workout days. And you've got to eat more as well. Because the one I program I was trying to do is just to bulk up. You've got to eat more and be more organized about it. To actually get the maximum... The protein is only just a supplement, right? So you need to actually... It's supposed to help your diet program. And your training program. So you've got to eat more. And you've got to eat more. And your training program. So you've got to have all those in check for it to help you. So you've got to figure that out. Probably do some more work over in South Australia as well. Go to the gym there. It's just I get more time at home. It's not like uni where I have to do all the stuff at home. So that would be good. Even studying and stuff. I actually do better. Perform better in the morning. That's if I get up early enough. That's pretty normal. I know it's unhealthy and stuff. But I just like to make use of it when I don't absolutely have to get up in the morning. Forums. Internet forums like Whirlpool Australia. It's like a broadband forum. That's probably the biggest forum in Australia. There's stuff about graduate programs and work experience and all that stuff. Down to sports and sports entertainment. And computing, programming. All this type of boards on there. Mainly Australians are on there. So that's interesting. There's another one called OCAU. Overclockers Australia. They don't talk about overclocking much anymore. That's interesting forums. People renting on the internet. I was talking on the phone. He called me. He was on the way home from work. He gave me a quick call. It was only like 5 minutes. He was like I'm too tired. I'm feeling lethargic. I'll talk to you the day after. I was like no he didn't go out. I was taking a nap in the evening. It's not in Adelaide. It's in the second biggest city. Which is Wyala. It's a steel town. It's going to be interesting. I haven't lived by myself before. Trying to figure out how that's going to work. Not now. The company is arranging the accommodation. And all that stuff. The flights and everything. I'll probably have to meet up with the other vacation students there. And figure it out. My cat. He's like 10 years old now. Not as active as he used to be. But still pretty funny. I found some old photos of him. From when I was in high school. When I was 13 or something. That was interesting. I didn't even know I had them. Not really. I started in January. February this year. That was good. I was going 2 or 3 days. When uni started. I got slowed down a bit. After the first semester I quit. I think I've only been since then. Once or twice. I bought it online. From Mr Supplement. It's like cookies and cream. Protein supplement. It doesn't taste that great. If you mix it with water. It's called cookies and cream. It tastes like shit. You need to mix it with milk. It doesn't really. It's not supposed to help. When you're going to the gym. It only works. If you're eating properly. Or you need to eat more. I was trying to. To put muscle on. I was trying to bulk up. And burn it off. That's the fastest way. Some people go the lean way. Where you don't bulk up. Just put muscle on. That will take longer. That's what the trainer was talking about. I just went with the bulking up option. My goals are. To lose my tummy fat. And put a bit on muscle. I don't want to become a bodybuilder. I don't want to be like Anurag. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.