 I was pretty lazy on Saturday as usual but I actually ended up going out on Saturday night to a friend's place. But before that, I was mainly on the internet most of the day. You know, the usual Facebook, music, just reading about grad programs and stuff. Stuff that I can apply for next year, finish. And obviously more things that I need to remember when I go over for work. Things I need to arrange and things I still haven't got yet and when I'm going to start packing and all that kind of stuff. Just thinking about that. I've been pretty lazy. I started like last night though. And then the night I went over to a friend's place and had a couple of drinks. Had a bro date. Not a date with a guy but just a bro date. Yeah, one of my best friends. Just made some plans like setting goals. Like, you know, what I'm going to achieve next year. Had some deep chat, deep conversations about what I've achieved and what I hope to achieve next year. That kind of stuff. Oh yeah, we were streaming the cricket. The cricket. So we watched a bit of that. I sort of got out like, we used to watch cricket a lot before but then when he was streaming, I was feeling a bit bored. Because I've been out of the loop in cricket. I think Australia are doing okay in the second test or something. Well, I don't know what's happened. Okay, yeah. I was surprised I didn't even know. I think there's some new 18-year-old guy or something in the team now. And now the captain has decisions on who gets dropped, like he's in the panel or something. So that's interesting. I guess Ricky Ponting might get dropped or something. And it's a bit weird. I don't know if Michael Clarke is still matured yet. He's a bit meh for me. Not much of a leader, right? Yeah. I was hoping, like, I didn't actually, I didn't watch much of it. But I don't know how the openers are going. Like, do you know how Usman Khawaja or something, is he still playing? And Phil Hughes, I guess, the young guy. About 12, too late. Because he had a tennis match in the morning. Or tennis. He was going to go play tennis in the morning, so. Cordo Daly. 7pm? Yeah, just me and him. His family was there. So I think his sister was studying for exams, so it was a bit quiet. Couldn't play music. I got a lift there. So since I was drinking, I just got a lift there. It was pretty close by anyway. Probably couldn't walk it. It's like a five, seven-minute drive, though. Yeah. And walking still takes pretty long. Probably 40 minutes probably walking or something. No, I never got another lift home. Oh, no. Dad. I only had, what, like three or four gin tonics. I think that's become one of my favourite drinks. It's a bit, like, easy to drink. It's not like. I do drink beer, but not, like, have a special affinity to it or anything. Like, never mind. Yeah, I like cheaper, so. Not, like, just sitting there. Like, just, you know, going off and doing stuff. Coming back and stuff. Coming back to the computer. Like, that's how life is. Computers, I mean, it excludes the computer and everything, right? I think not particularly on Saturday, but I mainly only download music now. I like to download the, what is it, the uncompressed FLAC, the FLAC quality. So, I don't even download MP3 anymore. So, I like uncompressed. Not the WAV file, but, like, the, like, it's not compressed, but. Actually, I don't know what the difference between a FLAC and a WAV file is. Like, you get a WAV file from CD, and then FLAC is a codec, but it's lossless. And then isn't WAV lossless as well? Like, some DSP thing, I don't know. Yep, so, for music, there's a site called, this is Russian. Have you heard of IU Tracker? FizzbitTorrent. Like, this one is a free one, so you don't have, like, there's this one website apparently called what.cd. And they always get, like, if there's a new CD release, they get it, like, legal. They post it on the internet. But then these guys get it off them. But for what.cd, you need to be, like, sharing it all the time. So you need to share what you've acquired on the internet a lot in order to be able to be on the site. So you need to have a certain ratio, download to upload ratio. I guess, I don't know, above, probably higher than most sites. So it needs to be nearly like one, or, I'm sorry, I mean, it needs to be higher than one probably to be on the site. So I use a different one. And that one, like, even if you don't share it much, they sort of, they don't kick you off the site. No, for now. I'll probably have to buy, when I get a full-time job, I'll buy the ones that I really liked, I guess. Oh. Um, no, just SMSs. Meaning, yeah, for that time I did, but, like, if it's more, like, going out or something, then I'll probably use the phone call. Like, for next week, I've got to meet up with a couple of friends as well before I go. So that's in the city, so I've just got to call them up there to arrange a restaurant, whatever time, bookings or something. Um, yeah. To my friends, I could drive to my friends' place while I was in drinking. Like, it's pretty close to my gym as well. And, yeah, so, I mean, I could probably go see him when I go to the gym a lot, because it's just down the road from the gym. Um, his sister is studying and his parents were, I think, one of his parents is overseas and one was, oh, he just went out when I was coming in. And some, I think, relatives or someone else was there, well, they're downstairs. Uh, no one else. We didn't invite anyone that day, but next week I'll be seeing, meeting up with him and some other school old mates as well on next Friday. And Wednesday as well, that's a different group. Wednesday. Uh, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.