 Well, we got up late on Sunday morning because we'd been to a party the night before and we got home about midnight. So we slept in on Sunday morning. We got up, well the other person in the household got up before I did. We had tea and coffee, one each, fed the dog, fed the cat. The dog, one human being and one cat went for a little walk up and down the street, came back and the rest of the morning was really spent sitting around doing not much. Having another cup of tea, having some water, reading, having something to eat, not very much at all. No, we didn't, no we really spent most of the day at home pottering around doing very little. It was mostly catching up on some reading, watching a program that we had videoed, you know, I forgot to say, you know, having a shower, get dressed, that sort of thing. Cleaning up the kitchen a bit, household things, I don't know, feeding dogs, cats, having dinner. No, we regularly get up at a fairly early hour or somewhere, it depends on what we're doing on the Sunday. Sometimes we're up early, sometimes we're up around about 7 or 8. We slept in until 9 o'clock on Sunday. It was quite a good party actually, yes. It was our neighbour's 50th birthday and they had decided to ask everybody to dress up either as a particular person from the 70s or 80s or just in 70s or 80s style clothing. They had people from, they had neighbours, they had friends from their kids' school, they had friends from work, so it was a mixture of people and everyone got on really well and they had a home disco, which was funny because once everybody realised how it worked, people were going in and choosing their favourites and things like that. They had a marquee out the back and, you know, they decided to have it catered so they had people wandering around offering little nibbles and sort of things on spoons and the sort of Asian takeaway meal in their white cardboard container with the little personalised chopsticks and things like that, which is very nice. And interestingly enough, as well as drinks, they had big cartons of big takeaway containers of water, which apparently all went. We all got drunk. It was quite hot in the marquee. We heard later that they think the carpet may not recover. So, yeah, the party was good. Everyone seemed to mingle pretty well. People were sort of talking with people they didn't know. There was much mirth and laughter about the sort of shoes that people were wearing or wigs. Some of the guys were wearing pretty awful wigs, I'd have to say. So, yeah, but it was a fun night, yeah. Now, we knew the other neighbours who were there and obviously we knew the people who had invited us, but we didn't know anybody else at that party. Yes, we were chatting to pretty well everybody, really. So we were, and Ian was chatting to one of the guys that our neighbour plays football with, who is very Scottish. He comes from Edinburgh and he has a very strong Scottish accent. He may have been putting it on a bit for the party and he was dressed as somebody from the Bay City Rollers, which was a bit unfortunate. Not in the best of taste. And he told us a lot about how terrible Glasgow is and how you wouldn't want to live there and Edinburgh is the only place in Scotland to live, the Highlands are alright to visit and the borders are okay to visit, but really you don't want to have anything to do with Glasgow or anybody from Glasgow. That really the best place is Edinburgh. He seemed a bit surprised to think that we had visited Glasgow and Edinburgh and actually quite liked Glasgow and really hadn't been mugged in Glasgow or had any problems in Glasgow. That seemed very strange, apparently. No, we didn't. We didn't know him at all. We just met him at the party for the first time. No, no work colleagues. Ah, well I didn't go on the dog and cat walk, but I gathered from what I was told that it was a fairly usual dog and cat walk. The only difference being that the cat only did half the walk and then sat in the middle of the footpath and meowed until my partner and her brother the dog reappeared and escorted her home. She apparently decided for some reason that she wasn't going to walk any further. She was just going to sit in the middle of the footpath and complain. We walked up the road. We walked two houses up the road actually. I should actually tell you that after we left the party and came home, I then took the dog out for his little lasting at night walk and he then dragged me up the road to the party. We went down the side, our neighbour's side path and around into the backyard where the party was and the dog sniffed around for a bit and then we went home again. No, no, I just waved at everybody in passing as I circulated the backyard and went back out up the side path and home again with my dog just figuring out where we'd been. No, very rarely. In fact, I'd have to say that was the first time. We often have a quiet Sunday afternoon or if we don't do anything in particular, if we're not visiting family or friends or something, we might take the dog out for a walk or we'll go and have a coffee somewhere. Sometimes we visit family in Balmain which has lots of, you know, there's parks there that are nice walking or plenty of coffee shops. We have been known to go and visit people who live in Enmore or go to, you know, other various parks. No, we've never seen him before so I doubt that we'll see him again really. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.