 Okay, got up in the morning and went to, got dressed and was picked up by a friend of mine and we went to have a hit of tennis. We have a regular organized group that we meet with and we went to play tennis on the courts, which we did and it was the first time I had returned to playing tennis after injuring my back. So I hadn't played for many weeks, but this was the first time I did. And then had a hit of tennis, then we had coffee at a local place near where the courts are and then I came home and then I did some work around the house and organized the animal that I have and then went out, which was something that was different. Went out that night and then came home, went to bed. Yes, friend picked me up as normal. My friend picks me up every week on that day, at that time. The car, our car trip was fairly normal. We have in the past had a truck that nearly wiped us out. The road that we're on is quite busy, but this day it was just a normal trip. So the trip takes about 15 to 20 minutes, depending on traffic, to get from where I live to where I play. Yes. Okay, the evening out was different too. We don't go out that much, but this evening was a special evening and so we went out and went to where the event was being held. Oh, right. Okay. The event was held at the Royal Prince Alfred Yacht Club and so we went there and I was there from, I think we arrived at, we left home at six, just after six and we got to the club at, I think around seven-ish, just before seven. We remained at the club until the finish of the event and then we finished talking to people and would have left the club at about half past eight, quarter to nine, and then drove straight home. Drove down, yes. My husband drove down. We're doing some minor renovations around the house. So I was expecting a workman to come and do some work for me and the workman didn't arrive until a bit later. But meanwhile, I was preparing the area, so removing the boxes in his way, removing the pussycats litter tray and things like that so that he could complete the deck, which was the job that he was doing. We meet in the normal place, which is just five minutes from the court and we meet there every Wednesday and we stay there for a similar period of time. So we stayed, we played tennis from quarter past nine to quarter to 11, which is the time we have the courts book. And then at about quarter to 11, we leave, we go to the coffee shop, which is five minutes away. We stay at the coffee shop until about quarter to 12 and then we get home. I'm back home by 12. No, no, my friend drives me, picks me up and drives me home. So she picked me up, drove me to the courts and then I'm with my friend and then my friend drives us both and drops me home because she lives beyond me. So she has to go by me to get to the court. So coming home, she drops me at home, then she goes back to her place. As it happens, my daughter works sometimes from home, not very often, but sometimes from home she's making calls overseas and things like that. So she was in fact there and my husband was home because he's been home for the past few months since his company has, since that company has changed and he's now home and will then go back off to a regular nine to five Monday to Friday type of work. But he was there, so he was there and we had something to eat and then, yeah, I was just doing all that work until the man arrived. He was due to arrive at about, I thought, 3.30 but he didn't end up coming till about five. That was fine. Well, actually, actually he's amazing. He actually cut the planks for the decking and it's only a relatively small piece of additional decking that I've got him back for. And so the distance is probably a metre by, I suppose, three metres or four metres. It's not very long. So he actually cut all the wood to size and he's actually laid that down on the bearers that he had already laid previously and he had all the pieces of wood completed by the time he left. So he was probably around for about an hour and a half. He must have come, oh, well, he left, I gave him the door closer. So we had left, he was still working, he had the door closer. Yes, that's right. That was an evening to introduce new members and so we were there as part of that. Yeah, actually I did. I met a lady who I knew as a mother from my children's school and so we were chatting about school and her daughter is doing senior school but my two girls have finished senior school so she was asking me questions about the HSC. So I was answering them. I play tennis on a Wednesday regularly, every Wednesday, and I walk every Tuesday morning. I have half the tennis people are also walkers but half are not so I only see them at tennis. The half that I see on Tuesday as well as Wednesday, which are the half of the walkers that play tennis, I see them twice a week but the other half of the walkers only come for walking and so they don't play tennis so I see them on the Tuesday morning. I see some people twice a week and some people once a week. The tennis group do, yes, we all go, all those people go. So there's eight of us, two courts and fouron each court. Okay. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Not comment. No comment. Not comment. No comment.