 I've got to try and think what I did Sunday. Sunday, Sunday. What did I do Sunday? Sunday, today's Tuesday, so Sunday. Did I do Friday? I know what I did Friday. Did I do Sunday? Do you think, what did I do Sunday? Of course we'd been out on Friday and then Saturday was, it's hard to tell sometimes because with my husband not working at the moment, it's like you lose track of which day is which. So I'm trying to think what on earth we did Sunday. Whether, because I know what we did Friday. Friday was different and then Saturday, what did we do Saturday? And then Jacqueline left Monday to catch a plane. So the day before, I think it was just very wet, I think Sunday, wasn't it? Wasn't Sunday really wet? And the morning was nice. I can't even think what I did Sunday. What did I do Sunday? Because today's Tuesday, no today's Wednesday and Tuesday was just a short walk and Monday was carpet cleaner was gonna come but didn't come. Sunday was, oh no, now I know. Goodness me, you'll think, how did I not remember that? But it's trying to remember what I did. We went away for the weekend. So Sunday we were up in the Blue Mountains at the Fairmont because it was my daughter's birthday and so we had stayed over on Saturday night. So Sunday morning, we got up and it was her last day. Then she'd had her last day as a teenager on the Saturday and Sunday was her first day as a 20 year old and we had been out to dinner on the Saturday night and then on Sunday morning, we actually hired a thing called a Segway and we hired four Segways, which I hadn't ever been on before and neither had my family. So we hired four Segways and we went for a drive around the Fairmont resort with the Segways and then had a bite of lunch in Loura and then we drove home in the afternoon and then Sunday night was just being home. My daughter went out to, one of my daughters went out to dinner and the other one, we just stayed home at a little place called Fresh, which is just at the bottom of the Loura Arcade. There's a shop to the right called Fresh and we sat in there and I had lunch with my daughter there. My husband and my other daughter said they couldn't find anything to eat and they went up to the deli halfway up Loura. So we ate in different places. Hmm, I know, it's weird. But they're on this special diet so they reckon there wasn't nothing they could eat because they're on the Dukan diet and they have to eat protein only and some vegetables, but not many. So it becomes difficult to find somewhere to eat. Been now approaching third week. So the first five days are protein only and then it's protein with some vegetables. So it's no carbs. Actually, it took a while because we got a nail in the car up at the resort. We found we had a nail in the tire. So we had to call the NRMA people and they put the spare tire on the car and it's only rated to 80 kilometers an hour. So coming home was longer. So it would have taken us, instead of about an hour and a half, that it normally takes, I think it took nearly two hours. Oh no, they just actually, it ended up was a tow truck guy. But you know, it's the same sort of principle. What you do is you ring the car company. They ring whoever's around NRMA or a tow truck person. They come and fix the tire and then put the tire in the car. And then my husband took it to the tire dealer and got a new tire, got the tire fixed because a new tire was gonna cost too much. Nah, straight through. What I've left were about three. I got home about five. Not too bad, no, not too bad. No, the eldest unmarried daughter went out and the youngest unmarried daughter stayed with us and we had some dinner at home. Nah, just TV. Well, I watch taped shows. What is on for in our house is completely different to what's on anywhere else. It's all taped. I did take the Kissinger speech, which I haven't, an interview which I haven't seen yet. But yeah, that'll be something to watch. But I think it was a David Attenborough Frozen Planet one that was on and my daughter was watching some other rubbish like gossip girls. So it's a worry. It's a real worry. Oh no, I mean, like to get up there more, but we'd been trying to get away since March. So it's now November. It had taken us since March to get away and I'd canceled three times and eventually we got away. But I mean, we try and go up to Loora periodically, I would say rather than frequently, never. Didn't even know it was called a Segway. Till my husband said, here's something we can do for, you know, thing, cause it's her birthday. And so let's hire these. So we hired them for an hour. They're like skiing. They're very good. Oh yeah, no, it's really very good. It's like being on skis. You just move your feet, move your body and the machine responds. Very good. Oh, we picked them up at 1030. We had them for an hour. Oh, I had breakfast, you know. My husband and I went for a drive down to the lookout, but the girls were not due at our room cause we had two rooms till 830. But we'd already got up early and gone had a look at the lookout down there called, what's it called? Whatever the lookout is straight down from the Fairmont, whatever that one's called. And then we drove around to the Three Sisters where we also had a quick look. And then we came back by that time it was 830, got the girls, had breakfast and then bought hard Segways. No, not when we went there. No, in fact, he parked sort of illegally, but only because there's no one there. It was like no one there. So he just stopped the car with the car running and sat in the car while I raced down and had a look at Three Sisters and then raced. There's no parking actually down at the Three Sisters. So because nobody was there, he just, sat in the car and waited for me. Lunch for us was late, so it was about one 1.30, that's right. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. There you go.