 Oh, I know what I did Monday. That's all right. I think, what? No, I don't do Monday. It's such a big day yesterday, I'd forgotten what I did Monday. Okay, Monday. Monday was different to normal Mondays because normally on Monday I don't do much, but this Monday was a special Monday. And in fact, what we did is we actually went out on the water. We went for a sail with some friends in Pittwater. Yeah. In the car. So I got up in the morning and my husband drove the car and we met the people down at the place where we got the boat and went out on the boat and he had brought another couple from overseas with him. So there was him, his couple, his friends, the male and female from overseas, and my husband and I, and the five of us went out on the water. We went out from all day, all day from about 10 o'clock till about 4.30. There weren't many boats because it being a Monday, most people have to work. And it's only that my husband's between jobs that he could have the day off. The other gentleman, he could take a day off because it's his own practice. And the other couple were on holiday. So the five of us could actually go out. And so there weren't many other boats out. Anything of interest? Just that it's very pretty. It's a very nice place. All the thing that we did see that was interesting was the girl who sails around the world, who sailed around the world. We saw her on her boat with her crew. And I believe they're training to go down to Hobart. No, it's the first time that any of the other three have been on the water with us. And the couple from overseas, this was the day before they flew back out. And the other man has not been on the boat before and his wife couldn't come because his wife was bit. Oh, we would see them every so often, yeah. My husband would talk to the man quite regularly. What happened is because it's a Monday and there's racing on it Monday at this particular place where we were sailing, we bid our friends goodbye after a coffee and they went their separate ways. And the couple are staying with the other man and his wife. And so they went back at about 5.30. We then joined the crew for the night racing. So we then crewed that night on a different boat. Different boat, yeah. So Monday night is a regular crew night, yes. We're a regular crew, but on someone else's boat, yeah. Well, we don't have a boat, but it's a boat that we are able to use. And then this other boat is a boat that we're able to crew on. So my husband and I crew on a Monday night with this man. Oh no, we don't have a sailing boat. We'd like to have a sailing boat. We don't have a sail. We could probably have bought a dinghy, but no, beyond that, we don't. So yeah, so that was fine. And then we crewed and the wind was so slight on Monday that in fact the race by eight o'clock, cause the race starts just after six. And there was so little wind that the boats are all facing in different directions, which was hilarious. I wish I'd had a camera because the boats, nobody had any power over their boats because without the sails going, a boat has no steerage. So boats are just moving in the water in all different directions. And one of the boats was actually going backwards. So it was actually hilarious. It was really, I wish I'd had a camera because it was the most ridiculous scene. And one of the men had a very good sense of humor. And so his, when he was in his boat and starboard boats have right of way normally, the boat, neither of the boats are moving, but the guy on starboard, who's about, you know, 50 yards away is going, starboard, nobody was moving. So anyway, we eventually sort of crawled away around the mark, but at eight o'clock they had to call the race off. So I think only about five boats actually crossed the finishing line. And so the rest of us put our motors on and then we motored back to the place where the boats are. And then my husband and I got in our car and went home. Oh, it's about, do you remember, 45 minutes, 45. It is some of the crew, the same as the ones we've known before or just getting to know, you know, cause we only just started four weeks ago. And the others were some people I hadn't met before who are also apparently regular crew for this man, but I hadn't met some of them. On the crewing boat, they're women and there would have probably been five or six men. Oh yes, no, the morning was our friend and his friends. This was crew, part of the crew. So I wouldn't say I know them very well at all. Whereas I know our friend well. On Monday night, oh, just that, I think we just watched TV. Pussycat had been put to bed, girls were back. So nothing much happened then. Well, I watch a lot of taped shows. So it doesn't really matter what's on TV because I don't like ads. So I generally watch taped shows and I was watching a show that I'd taped previously about machine and it actually was talking about sort of the guy who wrote the selfish gene. So it's all about mankind and the development machines and how much of a machine man is and how much our genes control our destiny. And it also talked about the battle in Rwanda because it talked about the Hutus and the Tutsis and how when the Belgians left, they created some of the problems that existed between the Hutus and the Tutsis because they made out the Tutsis were more superior. They're very tall, elegant people, about seven foot tall. And the Hutus are not, they're more squat and have sort of fatter faces. And so the Belgians had made out the Tutsis came from Egypt and were a different race. When the Belgians pulled out of Rwanda, they gave power to the Tutsis. Initially when they were in power, when they pulled out, they started supporting the Hutus. So there was a dreadful massacre of Tutsis by the Hutus who were encouraged by the government and led to that dreadful situation occurring where they killed each other and they massacred each other. I mean, they just, they killed men, women, and children. They just were, it was just a terrible situation. So they talked a bit about that and how people can do that and why with regard to our genes, it's genetically better to destroy people who are further away from you genetically than closer to you genetically in order to allow your genes to be passed on through the generations. It's a bad situation. Yes, I did. Yes, it's fright what happened over there. And Leonardo DiCaprio has impressed me over the years as an actor. He's got better and better. He's very good. I get a few phone calls every day. So I probably got some calls from some of my friends saying they wouldn't be able to join me at the zoo the next day where I was going to the zoo today. Cause I have a walking group I've put together, nine women. So people generally call into me if they can or can't come. So I probably had some calls from some of them. All right, they're easy to answer. No comment.