 I got up at about half past six and then I shot into the shower to wash my hair and carry out my what you would call my ablutions and all the rest of it. Got dressed and said to one of my sons I'm heading off now and I won't be back quite back till later on late this afternoon. Make sure you lock up when you go out and all that sort of thing. Then I headed off, parked my car and walked up to the bus stop and waited to... oh and before I left I grabbed a very quick small break. Then I headed off to the bus. I only had to wait a few minutes. I had a bit of a chat guy at the bus stop. I always do people, I'm a person. Hopped on the bus. Didn't talk to anyone on the bus. My friend that I was meeting in town plus someone else that I met a little while in town. She rang me on the phone to just check at one stage where I was and how long I'd been. We confirmed times of arrival. Then we met up. We met at the Menzies in town for coffee and things like that. That was really nice. It's a nice way once you get off the bus just to just sort of unwind a bit and just check out that you've got everything, all the things you need and blah blah blah and that. Then we headed off to the zoo. One of my favorite ways of traveling is ferrying. I just love ferrying. I'll go on a ferry trip with a drop of a hat. I love going on the Parramatta Ferry. That's one of my best trips you know. I just love going up and down the Parramatta River. Parramatta River is one of my favorite. To me it's the most interesting river. I know I'm going off track but it is one of the most interesting rivers. The Hawkesbury is gorgeous but it's so wide. But Parramatta River you can see and it just changes and it's just the most beautiful river. I love the Parramatta River and I love going up and down the Parramatta River. Anyway, I love ferry trips. An excuse to go on a ferry even if it's only a short trip across the harbour is just an excuse. I love it. It's a great way to go to the zoo. I'd much rather do that than go by cart any older. So I'll take a bus into town and hop on the ferry to go across to the zoo. And that's exactly what we did. It's pretty reasonable you know. I mean it costs $50 a person and that covers the cost of the ferry, entering to the zoo and as many trips in the gondola up and down as you like. You can go up and down on the gondola all day if you want to. So I think really $50 is not bad value for an adult. You know today I think it's quite good value. So that's what we did. We got up there and we got up to the top by the gondola and we started to walk our way down. I think we actually then went to the little... because there are three new tigers there. They're baby tigers there and that's in fact why I particularly wanted to go before they got much older. And we went there first because supposedly they were going to be taken inside or whatever at one o'clock. So we thought we'd go and see them straight away. We got into town I think at about 10 o'clock and so by the time we caught the ferry and all the rest of it we wanted to give ourselves plenty of time to get there. So we went there and we went around the tigers three times because they were herding us in in groups you see. So we spent quite a bit of time and then we were herded out. So we went round once and we went round again. They are so worth going. They really are. They are just gorgeous and the mother is... oh she's just superb. She really is a superb animal. She's lovely. So I advise anyone to go and see the little tigers and the mums. She is just... and the way they do zoos today. They do them so well. I would encourage anybody to go to zoos and the animals today. I like... I think I've decided I like animals. I've always often thought that quite frankly that animals... I prefer animals to humans almost at times because the only ulterior motive is food usually on the whole and maybe to recreate you know to sex and that sort of stuff. But there's no malice you know what I'm saying. In some ways there's this... there's the idealist in me thing you know. I don't think I'll ever make a lot of money quite frank. They are such... I just recommend when you get the chance go soon before the little tigers grow up because we were talking to them and they were saying that... I said will they have the female breeding again very soon and she said well no I don't know that we will you know and I was saying that the young male was one of the youngest male. He really didn't quite know what to do for quite a while. They didn't know they're going to be very successful there at one stage. So... so but they didn't know whether or not they were going to have her breeding again or not. She's only eight years old so she could breed again quite easily but they weren't so sure. So Taronga was not that sure whether or not they're going to be... how long... how soon they would be having young tigers again. So what I'm saying is if you're at all interested go now while they are young and before it gets really hot either as well you know. Yeah so... so yeah so go see the tigers and then we went off from the tigers and what did we do then? I mean we went basically we spent the day going all around the animals. We went to the new aquarium section where the seals and all that are and it's... it's really well done but... and we talked to them there about it particularly we were talking to the people of the penguin section there and we were talking about it and I said to them I said look I'm being critical but I'm being in a positive way not a negative way and I felt that you can't see enough that you go into this space it's so beautifully done and there's nobody there and the reason there's not very many people there is because there's nothing to see you know. The people... the animals you can't see them you know they're just not there to see. They're there but you can't see them and he pointed out that well you know a lot of them molting and doing various things or whatever you know and I said I can understand that but it's not like say the aquarium down at Darling Harbour yeah I said I think you need in some of them to have something else going on as well maybe like I don't know fish or something like that although I realized and say maybe the seal section the fish the seals that eat them all or something but maybe in the little pen... the fairy penguin... not allowed to call them fairy penguins anymore are you? Except it's such a lovely name isn't it? You could have fish in there you know something so that you're not just staring to this empty void because the animals are there but they're not always you know what I'm saying they're doing other things and they're not always in front of the big screens and it's such a beautiful area brand new beautiful area they've built and there's just nothing there because unless the animals are there and they're not going to be there all the time they're somewhere else you know doing and there's not millions of animals to be filling the screen up and I we were sort of pointing out that they need to do something to to make it far more appealing because they've spent so much money on it and it is a beautiful area and it's just nothing there just water you know but so they've got to work something out yeah but they've done it really well hmm no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment Comment. Comment.