 boring day yesterday, very boring day, oh dear, very boring day. Well I got up, had my, I think I had breakfast first and then I had my shower. Then I decided because I'm very interested in my tadpoles, I keep some tadpoles at the moment, they're at different stages. One is a, I think they're all banjo frog tadpoles, and I went out to have a look at those. And then I came back in, because I only did that very quickly, and then I came back in and I put the washing on, of which I have a lot because of my adult boys that still live at home with me, one of whom is still a student. Then after I did that I wandered around the garden, checking on the garden which is fairly extensive, went down to the pond to see if there was any interesting happening there. And just to check from the night before whether or not there was any damage from wind or anything like that. I cleaned out the area down there, it's a very pretty area down there, a very pretty area, it's a nice place where we sit and cogitate. Then I walked around the rest of the garden, and then, oh, would have picked up odd bits and pieces and things like that, and then probably came back up. Then would have tidied up the kitchen and the kitchen bench, because I know boys have left a mess from the night before. It was a really boring day yesterday, didn't do anything particular at all, it was just a clean up, do that sort of thing day yesterday, nothing very specific at all other than clean up. I suppose by the time, I know it sounds incredible, but by the time I'd done that and got the washing on and got the washing on the line and hung it up and done all that sort of thing, it was almost lunchtime. It doesn't sound like it takes that long, but it does by the time you've done all that. And sort of, you know, pulled the odd weed out of the garden and things like that, it just was about lunchtime. I fed the fish in the fish pond, there's two little ponds, one's a bit bigger than the other, one's a tadpole pond specifically that I'm interested in. Oh, a couple of phone conversations at friends, I'd rung one friend and another had rung me. Phone calls, oh, I can't remember why, I had a phone call from a painter, no, a paint advisor. What else? Then I watched some movies that I decided I wanted to wipe off the box till and not keep. So I watched them, which is not something I do sometimes. But as I said, it was a boring day yesterday, so I, really boring. So I just, and I was tired, really tired yesterday. So it was a kind of like, go around, it was just a nothing day, a really nothing day sort of thing. I knew I had things on for the rest of the week, so I just sort of organised things for the rest of the week, made phone calls about various bits and pieces, checked in about, rang someone about some of the weeds that were in the front lawn. I mean, that sort of stuff, there was nothing particularly exciting or earth shattering or nothing, nothing really. It was just a very, very boring day. No, no, I didn't. I didn't feel, I was in a mood where I just did not want to go out. I, it was, no, I didn't want to go out. I didn't want to go out. I didn't want to, I didn't even want to go out and buy a carton of milk. It was that sort of a mood. I just wanted to fix up around the house, do odd bits and pieces around the house. In fact, I did not want to be, I wanted to be right out of it. I wanted not to be, I just, yeah, I didn't want to be. I wanted to be, I was quite happy to actually catch up on a couple of old movies and wipe them off the thing. I just wanted not to be bothered by anyone very much that I had to do. I wanted to be, which is sort of a luxury you can sometimes take, you know, when you, when you're my age and you, and you, you don't have a career anymore, which I do miss, did miss. Don't know that I miss it now, but did miss once upon a time. Were you a builder? Did I say builder? No, no, the guy, the guy I was going to talk to was the weed man, not the builder. And I did, was going to talk to the paint, paint consultant. Yeah. I'm afraid it was a very boring day. There's not a lot you can talk about. Honestly, I had, I had, I know, I can't give you much. I mean, I really didn't, it was a real, it was honestly, it was a very boring day, but, but I needed it. I'd been, I'd been the day before I'd been out and about and all over the place and, and been to lectures and stuff like that, you know, and, and I was really tired, very, very tired, exhausting me. So, and I just had to get things done around the house, basic stuff done around the house and I was tired, exceptionally tired. I get very tired. And I have to give you a bit of personal information to explain this, simply because years ago I had an astrocytoma removed, that's a malignant tumour, and if I don't sleep well, I get exhausted, very tired, and sometimes I don't sleep very well and I just, the last few nights that I haven't slept very well, and I get exhausted. I just get exhausted. So I just have to take days out. And that was one of my days of taking the day out. Yeah. And I just took it out yesterday. Just did the basics and didn't do anything very much at all. Yeah. Excellent. Great. So we're going to do a few quick questions here. Yeah. Yeah. No comment. No comment. What is your favourite flavour? No comment. Do you know? Where were you? Do you have? Do you live in? What type? Are you meeting? Do you own a dog? Meaning? Do you own? What time do you meet? How many kito are you wearing? What's your in? Who is your favourite? Can you speak? It's the grass. comment. Did you drive your car to work? No comment. Sydney or New South Wales? No comment. Melbourne or Torrey? No comment. Canberra or the AT? No comment.