 and the eyes are still watered but not sufficiently so I'm always having to clean my eyes. Yeah, yeah. Oh, I would have driven you nuts. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, yep, yep, okay, okay. Oh, the weekend, that seems like a... Hang on, what was the weather like? I've got to get... That's how I work it out, did it? I think I did, we did a lot of gardening. We have a, um, we have a, um, party coming up and it'll involve having a lot of people inside and out in the garden and in the house and so, um, so we're doing a lot of work in the garden, um, and in the house, particularly in the garden, of course, uh, we have that lit up, um, um, so we spent a lot of time that morning in the garden. As well as that, my children make an awful lot of washing. When I say children, they're not there, but for some reason mum still does the washing for them. I know I'm stupid and I know I'm an absolute suck doing it for them, but I do, I still wash their clothes for them. I say I won't and all the rest of it, but I still do. Um, so, uh, in amongst that at some stage in the morning, I did some washing, which was largely for them, as I said. Um, uh, I, um, fed my fish. I also fed my poles. I actually have poles. Um, they come, I bring them up from my pond, which has a lot of jet poles and some things like that. Um, it's a lovely pond. Uh, my husband and I often sit down there. Um, it's all paved down the bottom there and amongst, um, um, trees and, um, the garden and bushes and things. And it's just, I have to like go down there and we might have biggies and cheese and things like that. It's just a lovely place to sit and contemplate. The frogs make a lot of noise in the summer and all that, but that's all right. It's very nice, you know. Um, and, um, and I've been a tadpole girl since I was a little girl on the farm at home. And so occasionally I've got, um, an aquarium, a little aquarium. And so I, I bring some tadpoles up and I let them mature and, and turn into frogs and take them back down to the pond. But they're just fascinating to watch. They just are. And they're not, quite, we have quite a few different types of frogs in our area. So it's really quite fascinating to work out what sort of frogs are going to turn into. It's really interesting to watch them change and all the rest of it. Um, so I do things like that. Um, uh, and because, as I said, we have this event coming up very soon, we had to do, I have to do a lot of tidy up and all this sort of, in the garden and sort it all out. We actually have a really nice garden. Um, but we worked at it, but had to work at it. It's sort of, when we first went there, it was, um, it was just a heap of, um, rubble and rocks and stuff like that because of the sandstone and clay in the area. And we worked at it very hard and put in hedges and, and mixture of natives and exotics and stuff like that. And I wanted to attract all the native birds and things like that. We used to have, um, a gorge and it was a lovely boy and he hated the birds and used to give them a very hard time. Poor old Cushier. Um, uh, but he did keep the, the neighboring cats out of place. And so the birds had, you know, um, they, they voluntarily stayed out of our place. But he was anyone that says German shepherds are terrible dogs, they just do not know Germans. They are the most wonderful dog, but I would not recommend them for two reasons. One, they look very ferocious. Um, and, um, and so people often think they are when in fact they're not. And two, um, um, they never stop dropping fur. They continually drop fur the whole time. It is just dreadful. And if you are going to have a lovely pet dog, they have to be an inside dog. Um, and Cushier, who was just the most gorgeous dog. I mean, our neighbors' kids just loved him. They would come and roll all over him. These are little tiny toddlers. They would come and roll all over him. Oh, they would honestly, they, um, they adored him. They would do the most, honestly, they'd lie on him and they'd stick their fingers up his nose. Poor thing, you know, and he didn't do a thing. He just, and he was wonderful to watch them because he'd adjust his behavior to their, um, abilities. And if he, and if he didn't, he realized if they were too young, he just walked behind them, you know, or else he'd play rough house with them, depending on what they could handle. They are the most wonderful dogs. They are just gorgeous. But as I said, they are often mistaken as being a bish dog. And so you've got to be aware that people will give them a hard time. And the other thing is that they drop fur, and that's why I wouldn't recommend it. Um, but they're a beautiful dog. Um, and he kept, he certainly kept the cats away. Um, so that's what we're doing in the, uh, what we did a lot of on Sunday morning until it started to come over. And I can't remember when it started. Did it rain or not on Sunday? I don't know. Um, um, oh, Sunday. What else did we do? We've been doing so much work in the garden, honestly. It seems as though that's all we've been doing lately. Uh, ooh, I think I did do some shopping there at one stage. Um, uh, money for food for my ravenous two children. They're not children, they're adults. Um, uh, they, they've got hollow legs. They just never stop eating. They, uh, but they're really great kids. Um, but they just, um, oh, honestly, I can't remember. I've been so focusing so hard on, on, um, tidying up the garden and that. There's, um, um, there are, you know, plants that you just have to fix up. Like there's an agapanthus, not agapanthus, uh, an acanthus, which is, uh, um, known, you'll know it by another name called, um, the, um, oyster bush. And the oyster bush is in fact a very, very old plant. The Romans used to plant it by the front door for, for, I'm not sure, so much as good luck or to make, to bring good, goodness to the families, you know, it goes, as I said, it's a very old plant and it's a tough old thing. You can do the most awful things to it. Um, and it'll, it'll, you'll think it's dead and it'll disappear because you've treated it so badly and it'll, it'll grow back up again. Well, that thing needed cutting back. So it's been cut back very severely, very severely. And I'm just hoping it really is what the Roman says, as tough as boots, because I'll tell you what, I've really treated it very, very badly. Uh, no, no, my husband and I just do it ourselves. You know, we, um, um, I'm, I'm the gardener. He's the one that moves the holes. Yeah, I've got, I've definitely got a labourer. No, he moves the holes for me, you know, and, um, and yes, he does. My poor husband, he is, he's, he, it must be a labour of love. That's all I can say. Um, Oh, sorry, big, pardon. No comment, no, comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Ah, there it is. Honestly, we have been working so much in the garden. All the days running into each other, you know. Well, mainly because for two years we didn't do much work on it at all. So, you know, it got away from us a bit. Yep.