 Okay, so yesterday was, I was working, so I get up roughly 6.30, 6.40 if I'm not lazy and sleeping. I have breakfast and all the usual kind of stuff. On Thursdays, Fridays I drive to the train station, so yeah, I leave around 7.20-ish. Get on the train, if I don't miss it, about 10 to 8 and hopefully turn up to work before 9. I am running experiments at the moment, so I've been having quite a lot of people come in, so pretty much every hour I have to be prepared for people to come in. I have to set up on the computers, set up programs, prepare all my forms and things like that. So yeah, apart from that I actually didn't have much to do while people are going through the experiment. It's all run on the computer, so I can just stick them in the room and let them go. I was preparing for an interview which I had today, so that was a little bit stressful, trying to read through some information that they gave me to prepare for the interview. Sorry, and yeah, trying not to stress out about that. Stress out extremely easily. Had lunch. My friend went to have lunch with some of her other friends, but I couldn't join them because I was testing at that time, unfortunately. So I sat around in the office by myself and stressed some more about my interview while trying to eat. And that was about it. So I spent the rest of the day. At the end of the day I had to do some testing of a program that my supervisor wrote, so he wrote a new experiment. I had to test it out because there were some bugs with it, so did a bit of that. Checked through the code and that kind of thing. Yeah, so that was done pretty quickly. Found some bugs there, so we got that fixed up, so that was good. So yeah, that was the end of my work day. I left around just after five. Yeah, got the bus back to the station. I picked up one of those newspapers they give out outside the station. Someone actually took it off me when I was on the platform. It was really weird. He just came off and said, oh actually can I have this? And I was like, um, okay. And he said something about how someone had written him a letter and he had just found it, so I imagine he wanted a copy, which was really weird. But it was good because it encouraged me to do some more reading on the train for the interview that I had to prepare for. So I did that. Yeah, and when I got home, got home about seven, before seven, not too much traffic or anything like that. And I pretty much spent the rest of the night preparing for my interview, trying to read through the articles. They gave me write down some answers to questions and so it was a pretty stressful day all up. I'm glad that's over now. So yeah, usually only Thursdays, Fridays. I try not to because it fills up really early on. So unless I'm really early, I will have trouble finding a parking space. I can either get dropped off or I can take the bus, but usually I get dropped off because I tend to sleep in, so I miss the bus. But later on in the week, I don't have a lift in the morning, so I drive myself. No, I take the train to the city, take a bus from the city, and then the bus goes to work. Not yesterday because I was running participants at that time, so I couldn't join them. I have to stay in the office while I'm running participants, obviously, so I couldn't join them. No, at the moment there's just one other person in the same room as me. Technically, we're not even really co-workers. We work for different people, but we just work in the same place. So it's pretty quiet. And since it's semester has ended, there aren't many people coming through, so it's just us most of the time. Not so much. We don't write new programs often. I've written a few programs myself, so I'll test my own programs and generally there's something wrong with those. So that takes up a lot of time. Yeah, what I'm running at the moment isn't really my own research, so everything comes through my supervisor. So that's why he will occasionally be the one writing programs instead of me. No, I didn't. Not yesterday. Oh, it was a complete stranger, actually. That's why it was a really strange experience. I was just standing there waiting for the train, holding the newspaper, and someone just came up to me and said, can I have this? So I thought, okay, well, if you want it that much, okay, so I gave it to him. Sorry. This tall guy, very loud, very in my face. Yeah, just very direct. And when he left with another lady, she was holding a copy of the newspaper, but it was all shredded up, so I'm not really sure what was going on there. Yeah, and they just took off with my newspaper. No, no idea who it was. I drive, so my car is still there from when I parked it in the morning. About 15 minutes. Usually by the time I'm driving home, most of the traffic's gone, so it's not too bad of a drive. I take the bus. Not yesterday. No, no, I have no idea where he came from. He just came from behind, came up to my face, asked for my newspaper, and yeah, went off, took the train. No, well, not anyone I know, but I recognize people that I've seen on that particular train before, just people I don't talk to. Yeah, yeah, I see the same people on the train at that time. Not so much, just I tend to sleep in a lot in the morning, so if I drive, I have to leave time for parking, getting from where I parked to the train station and things like that, so it's just a lot easier if I get off at the station, get dropped off at the station. I should be waking up 6.30, but I will wake up and then sleep in for a bit too long and it doesn't really work out. Yes, abuse the snooze button a bit too much. Talk to my brother a little bit. He's studying for his exam, so his exam is actually today. Played with my rats. I have some pet rats, so I played with them a bit, yeah, but I did spend most of my time reading and pairing today. Okay, okay, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment.