 Monday, I had to go with my mother to a shop, so we were going to Costco. We have relatives coming over for Christmas, so we need to buy a lot of stuff basically to prepare for them coming. She wanted to go early, so I had to get up. I got up about 8 o'clock, which is probably a bit late, but that's earlier than I'm used to waking up at the moment, since I finished work. So I got up at 8, ate breakfast, got ready to leave at 8.30. Took us about 40 minutes to get there, but the shop didn't actually open until 10 o'clock, so we kind of stuck there waiting for a little while. We got drinks from a place that was open nearby, and so we just waited around. Gave my friend a call because I got bored of waiting, had a chat for a bit, and then at 10 o'clock we got inside the shop. Took us about an hour and a half to do all our shopping, so got home about 12, 12.30 I think. Got ready to get all the stuff, had lunch. We brought lunch home with us from the shop. After that I had to do a little bit of cleaning, so vacuumed the floor. Took about half an hour before I vacuum overheated, so I had to stop. Later that day I watched a video seminar for an online course I'm doing. That took about an hour. I stopped, I had to stop it a few times, so it took a bit longer than it should have, but yeah, so that took about an hour. After that I had dinner with my family, and after dinner I listened to music and did some drawing for a little while. Later in the evening I had to do some violin practice, and then I think that was it, and I went to bed after that. That was about 9 o'clock I think. Oh, actually I practice in my car in the back of the garage, just so I don't bother people. Yeah, I do tend to practice quite late, so I don't really want to make much noise if possible. I've been playing for 8 or 9 years I think. I haven't been playing very much recently, but my friend wants me to play at his wedding, so I have to do a lot of it right now. No, not at the moment. I was at school, but since leaving school, no, I haven't really played in a band or anything. It's Pachelbel's Canon in D, so standard wedding song. Probably one of my favourite songs anyway, so I guess that helps. Yeah, but I do enjoy playing it, so yes. It's not really the best place for practicing, because it is a little bit cramped, but I just find it easier to practice where I know I'm not going to make as much noise as opposed to being outside. About 9 to 10. So this course that I'm doing is about game programming, but they air the video seminars at I think 3am, so I had to download them and watch them later on. This one that I was watching was the intro video, so it was just pretty general stuff they were just telling us about. It was mainly an introduction to the program, which I kind of already have used the program, so it didn't tell me a great deal that I don't already know, but it was going into information about game loops and things like that, so that was something new. Not that I know of. I only just started. They're running it over December and January, so it's only just started. Only a couple of days before it started. I actually didn't find out about it until just before it started. About half an hour, as I said our vacuum is broken at the moment, so after a while it just overheats and you just can't do anything with it, so I had to leave that alone and come back to it the next day. I had a chicken and avocado wrap, which was nice. I like my meat a bit too much. That was after we got back and put the stuff away, so maybe 1, 1.30? We drove. It's about half an hour away from where we live, and we bought a lot of stuff, so it would be very inconvenient bringing that on public transport. We drove on the motorway, the M4, so that was pretty quick. By the time we were leaving it wasn't morning traffic as such, so it was okay. It was an okay run. There used to be, but it's free now, so they paid it off. We actually did know that it didn't open until 10, but my mother just wanted to get there early because she said there'd be a lot of people for Christmas, and there were a lot of people, so I knew I was going to have to wait. It was a little bit annoying still to have to wait. I got a fruit smoothie, actually. It was about, I think, $3 or $4. She also got a smoothie. My mother, yeah, she drove as well. I do, yeah. We actually bought $500 worth of stuff, but some of that was hams and things, so those are a bit expensive, just because you buy a lot of stuff in bulk, so it does end up being quite a lot, but we got a lot of stuff. Mainly food and stuff for our relatives to bring back with them when they leave. Chocolate and things, and Christmas stuff they can have for Christmas. It was a lot of food, and our fridge is pretty full at the moment, but they will be taking a lot of stuff when they leave, so it's not all for us. In about a week, my aunt and four of my cousins, so five of them. There are three of us. Yeah, we'll be a bit crowded for a while. No. A couple of times. It's always been crowded every time we go there. That's why we plan to go early this time. Not really. The main thing that annoys me out there is that just because there are so many people, sometimes they clog up the ends of aisles and things, and it's just difficult to get around, and people don't realise that they're in the way, and you just have to be patient when you're there. No, not when I was there. I imagine closer to Christmas we might get some incidents. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.