 So Wednesday was actually my very last day of work. So I got up about 7, a little bit before 7. Had breakfast and all the usual kind of thing. And drove to the station, took the train to the city, got a bus to work. I actually forgot to bring my lunch that day. And I only realized that when I got to work. I had people coming in for the whole day testing. I was testing people on an experiment. So yeah, that was pretty much going on the whole day. While that was happening, I also had a lot of tidying up to do. So I had pretty much a year's worth of files on the computer to fix up. Because I needed to organize things so my supervisor could go through my stuff and understand what I'd been doing. I had a lot of, I had some summary documents to write. So just things, information about the experiments that I'd been running, what I'd written, data and things like that. Finish those off. And I ended up finishing them by the end of the day, so I had to actually take them home and work on them a bit. One of the students in the lab came down during the day for a visit. So she was working on something. So we had a chat for a bit just about what was happening, because I hadn't seen her for a while. That was nice. My supervisor also came down in the middle of the day and gave me some flowers sort of as a goodbye present. My friend wasn't in the lab for lunch, so I kind of ate by myself. I did forget my lunch, but I had some stuff in the fridge. I'd left there the other day, so I was able to have that for lunch. But I was also testing at the time. So I didn't really have to do anything to eat. I think that was about it. So I was just working for the rest of the day. I finished up quite late, because I wanted to get my documents and things done before I left. But as I said, I didn't get those done. So I stayed at work till about six, six-ish. So I had to clean up, because I had a pile of papers next to my computer. I had to move those. And it turned out there was a whole lot of dust on my desk. So I had to clean that before I left. And then I let my supervisor know I was leaving, and I was going to take some work home with me. And I got the train home, and that was about it. Although that night, I did stay up late playing games, because I was off. Kind of a celebration. I was planning to do the work, but I didn't really do it. So I kind of spread that out over the next couple of days. I played, did anything. My brother actually got me a copy of L.A. Noire for my birthday, so I've been working on that. It's just this detective game where you solve criminal cases, and it actually makes me a little motion sick when I play it. But a good game. Yeah, PC game. I was ported from Mac. I play on the PC. About 1.30 the following morning. So I didn't really have anything to do the following day. Stayed up late. Um, not online. Not so much. I used to when I was a bit younger, but mostly what I play these days. Flying on my computer. No, not really. Um, yeah, just my family. Although, um, my brother was doing something and my mother was working, so pretty quiet in the evenings, generally. On Wednesday, um, ten people I think it was. Which is okay. I was hoping for more because we need to get numbers up in the experiment that we're running. But that was just the number of people that signed up for that day. But it was good because everybody turned up. I've been having some problems lately with people not showing up. Everyone turned up that day, which was good. Yeah. Uh, no, not these people. No. They're recruited from the community. We only test them once, so we can go through quite a few people. It was pretty much when I got to my computer and I was putting away things at my desk. So, nine o'clock. Uh, not at that time. So, I was alone for a few hours. Not just with people coming in. The student from the lab didn't come down until about eleven, I think. How long do you reckon? Um, they were there for a couple of hours. They left for lunch. Um, but yeah, they were, and then they came back afterwards for another hour or so. Uh, around the same time that the student came down. So, eleven, eleven-thirty. And that was just a quick chat. Uh, on that day, not really. Um, because it's holidays now, the buses aren't very often. But on that day, I guess I was lucky. I mean, because I was carrying a whole lot of stuff as well. I had several stacks of paper, and I had the box of flowers as well, and just random junk that I'd left around in the office. Um, like my mug and things like that. It was good that I didn't really have to wait long while carrying that stuff. Ha, no. Um, I'm a bit stingy, so no. No, I was happy to wait for the bus. Longer that? Uh, no, not really. It was peak hour still. Um, my trains are usually pretty good. Sometimes crowded, so. It was particularly crowded that day. Put all my stuff on the floor, and I was kind of worried someone would step on my things. But, ah, no. I didn't know anyone. It was very hot, though. Did they say hello to you? Did you want all their clotheslines? No. People, um, well at least, on the trains, um, to my area generally, not very friendly on the train. People don't talk to each other much. Uh, in the morning, yeah. But in the afternoon, not so much. I usually come home at the same time, but for some reason, it's easier to recognize people in the morning than in the afternoon. Uh, no, we didn't have lunch. Um, the student left to have lunch with someone else, I think, or just have lunch outside. So I was just in the lab by myself having lunch. Yes, in front of my computer. Uh, I usually get the train at, uh, quarter to eight. So it's a pretty fast train. It will get to the city about twenty past eight. Um, uh, no, they're pretty good, um, because students are on holiday. There isn't a long queue, so I can pretty much hop on the bus as soon as I get there. Okay. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.