 Okay, so yesterday I woke up at 7.30. I got changed, had breakfast and got in the car and drove to work. At work I turned on my computer, I sat around, said hi to my colleague, had some morning tea, did a bit of work, had lunch with some friends and after that I headed off to my casual job, spent a few hours there. I got home around 7 p.m. I talked on the phone with one of my friends for about half an hour, then I had dinner with my family. After that I watched a movie, watched Avatar, went on my computer and went to sleep around 12.30. I often get up around that time if I go to work. Yes, every day. Okay, yesterday I went along the M5. There wasn't that much traffic, not more than normal. There was no accidents, which was good, although that's fairly rare for the M5. But yeah, there was no accidents, so traffic, you know, flowed as usual. Yeah, I went via Maroubra because I thought that there would be less traffic there. But yeah, I have one in my room, in my office. I had a salad. Yep, it was just from one of the shops down the road. Yeah, I do. But I often, I don't normally buy food. I normally bring food from home. I drive. It's around 15-20 minutes, a bit further up north from my day job. Nope, all good. Okay, so I worked there for two hours. I work with a client who has some disability, and so I did some work with her. My supervisor came in and we did some work together, and that was about it. No, I drove home. It was good. It was a bit later in the night, so M5 was clear. So yeah, I travelled at the speed limit the whole way, which was really good. No, it was a different friend. Around half an hour? No, it was just a once-off because she wanted to chat, and so I told her I'd give her a call, and I gave her a call. I try to watch something, so either watch like a DVD, like a TV series or something or other. But no, not normally a full-length movie because it's quite long. Yeah, but I didn't even finish it because it was quite late. No, I don't. I drive myself to work, so it's just me. Day before, okay, so Wednesday. Wednesday was actually pretty similar. Woke up 7.30, a bit later, maybe 7.45. The traffic was a bit heavier on Wednesday. Just normal years on Wednesdays along the M5, for some reason. It was a bit heavier. Got to work a little bit later than usual, but you know, still around 9am. Wednesday was pretty normal. I met with my boss that day. We had a short meeting just to discuss some things that we were doing that day. Had lunch with some friends again, and after work I went to my casual job again, and then I went home for dinner, and then I went out later that night to church. Okay, so went to church. We had a prayer meeting, so we chatted with each other and prayed together. That was good. It was around an hour and a half. No, just church friends. Around 9.45? No, it's close. I just walked. Yep, just a few traffic lights. It's a very short walk, two, three minutes. Yeah, it was. It was good not to wear a jacket outside. Yep, yeah, yeah. We always have lunch together pretty much every day, unless they have like meetings or classes on. No, we normally eat in our work building in the kitchen. Yeah, so if we do need to buy food, we just bring it in from outside to get takeaway, and then we share it together, or we eat together in that kitchen. When I go to buy food or to... That colleague. That I said hi to? Yeah, yeah, so she comes along as well. As long as she's not busy testing people, then yeah, she comes along. Do you live everywhere? Except at church, which is where I walked. Not to work? No, just myself. Talked to my dad. Yep, but it was just like two minutes just to check if I was going to the church meeting or not. No, no, I only caught it on the Thursday. On Wednesday? No, not so much. My brother wanted to use my computer, so I was just sitting around for a bit. Went to sleep a bit earlier, around like 12, like midnight. Okay, great. No comment.