 Basically I just got up in the morning, probably around... Usually I get up at around 7.30, 8 o'clock, so that's probably when I wake up. Got to work at about 8.30. We had a new project to work on, so I'd been working on that for most of the day. And yeah, finished work at about 7 o'clock, went home, had something to eat, watched some TV and that was about it. That was my day. Contemplated going to the gym, but that did not happen. So yeah, fairly standard day. Nothing too fantastic, so... I was watching True Blood. Yeah, I was planning on watching it during semester. However, that did not happen, so I've been power viewing it for the past couple of days, which has been great. But yeah, that's definitely what I would have been watching, pretty sure. And maybe I would have watched before I went to sleep, because I need something to watch before I go to sleep. Otherwise, I just end up lying there. Thoughts to myself is not a good idea. Anyways, so I probably ended up watching maybe Diary or maybe It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia before I went to sleep. So either one of the two, I can't remember. Nah, positive. I wish I could tell you. Likely is probably... The likely outcome is probably that I watched an episode of both, but it's usually one or the other. Probably Diary. About one o'clock. Download. I probably shouldn't, but I do. No, wait. Wrong question. I don't do it often, but it's the stuff that you can't really find on DVD or the stuff that is not really released anymore. So it's all old episodes. I remember watching it when MTV was still cool and it was the 90s. And everyone was like, oh my god, MTV is so awesome. And now it's just they don't play this kind of stuff anymore. So it's kind of cool. It is cool. And It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, they don't play down here either. I don't think except on the comedy channel, but they stopped playing that for a while. So, but yeah, I like those kinds of shows. So not often, but yeah. I didn't catch the bus. I drive. I usually about five, 10 minutes. I could, but that would require me to get up an hour earlier. So, and plus the weather wasn't so great either. So I decided. At work is probably about 10 of us, but I work in... I sort of flip between working downstairs where all the assembly line work is and upstairs where I do a lot of the accounting admin work. And I'm working on projects there as well. So this summer I've basically been delegated to work on this project for Mongolia. There's four airports there that we're going to do the airfield lighting for. And it's mostly project management and commissioning that we're doing. So it's not too intensive, not like the turnkey project we're doing in Como at the moment. But we've got a couple of panels downstairs that we've got, like we're a bit busy at the moment. So I'm flipping between the two. So if they need me downstairs, I'll do stuff that I can just knock out quickly for them. And then upstairs I'll go back and I'll do stuff for them there as well. So at the moment I'm looking at ordering generator sets. So we need four 25kVA generator sets, which I've been trying to source and trying to get them for cheaper than we would from overseas. So that's been my job at the moment, which has been interesting. Because usually I'm sort of coming into these projects halfway through. So I don't really know what the sort of the ground, like the ground level stuff is before I can move on to the tasks that I've been given. Whereas from now I've started from the beginning. So it's good because I know exactly what's going on and what I have to do in the context of what I'm doing. So yeah, I do. Yes, I do eat. I try, I try to. Gets pretty busy though sometimes I forget. But yeah, I eat lunch. I usually have it about 1, 12, 31 o'clock. Yeah, I just go to East Gardens. So I have lunch over there. Not drove. I could walk, but I drove. Five minutes. A salad. Salad. Yeah, no, I just had a salad for lunch. Yeah, there's a salad bar downstairs that they do. Would you like to know how much it was as well? $5.95. For a medium. But no, yeah, that's what I had a salad for lunch. And I remember I got my dad a kebab and then I came back and then I continued working. Yeah, they know me by name. It's a bit embarrassed, but yeah. About four or five, but they're always quite busy. They're a bit understaffed. It's okay. Not really. Not that day. Yeah, sometimes. East Gardens is sort of your go-to for like groceries and stuff. So I mean, like anyone that lives around Maroubra, Matcheville, anything sort of towards the ghetto end of the Eastern suburbs. Basically, everyone sort of just goes there just for that kind of stuff. So yeah, well, it wasn't well, $10. Yes, it would be expensive for a salad, but it depends how much salad you got. But the salad that I got, I only paid $5.95 and it was pretty decent for $5.95. So I did drive back to work. Yes, I did, because the weather was not, I'm pretty sure the weather wasn't so great. But regardless, I would have driven anyways. It's a long walk from Matcheville to East Gardens. It's about 45 to an hour or so. And considering my lunch break is an hour, I don't really have an hour and a half to walk there. I'm back, so yeah. Any other questions you'd like to ask? Yep. No, I finished work at seven. I got home at 10 past thing. Oh, I had stir fry. I made stir fry. I made it. Yeah, because my mom doesn't make stuff with noodles. She thinks it's shit. Personally, I think it's delicious. But yeah, so yeah, that's what I did for dinner. No, no, I do not. Um, yeah, my boyfriend called me on Monday night, but that was at like 1130, 12. So yeah, that was it. No, no, no. Unfortunately, no. He tends to speak more when he is drunk. No, he was just before I was about to go to sleep because he goes to bed quite early. So yeah, that was that was my whole night. He calls me around that time, generally between 1030 and 1130, 12 o'clock. Um, not most nights, maybe once or twice a week, maybe three times. So no, nope. For work? Yes, I did. Plenty of phone calls? No, probably about 10 or 11. Um, yes and no. We get a lot of calls sent to people, but we also get a lot of people inquiring about orders or when their products are coming or payments and things like that. So and we also have to do a lot of calling as well. We have to chase up a lot of people to pay us. Yeah, easy. Sweet. Sweet! No comment Beautiful.