 What did I do on Monday? I basically just went to work. Probably work... I do remember we had a new employer coming in on the Monday so I had to get there really early so we could have everything set up for him. Um, yeah that was pretty much it. It was quite a busy day as well. There was a lot of filing and invoicing to do. I did end up leaving till about 5.30, 6 o'clock which was fine. That's usually how long I stay but it was just non-stop from about 7.30 in the morning right up until about 5 o'clock at night. So, it was pretty good but that was about it. Nothing too fantastic. Um, what did... At least 20. At least 20. There was so much to do and there was so many payments to make. It was good, it was busy. I liked doing that. He came in at 8 o'clock so we were there a bit earlier. Came in at 8 o'clock and he's been good. He's been actually, he actually really enjoys it which is good because he's a family friend of mine as well. He actually studies here too. So, um, yeah. No, he's so far so good. He's enjoyed it a bit but he had to leave at 12 because he's still doing summer school as well. So, but he's been doing three half days which is alright. So, huh? My dad did. But, um, he... Long story short, basically, he ended up getting recommended to come work here by someone who was no longer a friend of mine but chooses to pretend that we are in front of everyone else. And I had initially extended, like this is a few years ago, I'd actually said to him, if you're ever looking for industrial training or whatever, like, you know, if you're struggling to find somewhere then by all means, you know, you're more than welcome. If we've got work then yeah, we'll give it to you. But, um, what ended up happening was, was that, um, yeah, he must have forgotten about it and this other person recommended him. And so when he came, I was just like, look, wait, like, you're more than welcome whenever. Like, we didn't initially have work but then we just got a couple of big jobs coming in. So now we're just like, yeah, we do need people. So if he can, then should be okay. So yeah, just for the 60 days industrial training in the summer. But he'll still be getting paid for it and if he wants to stay on, if we've got extra work, then by all means, he can do that. So it's great. He's, he's really a nice guy. So yeah. How did I get to work? I drove, I always drive. I probably should walk, but I drive just nope. Because it's like two minutes away from my house and we have our own car park. So, oh yeah, I really should walk. But if I did walk, it would be like a 40 to an hour walk because it is quite a walk away. But in terms of driving distance, it's literally like five minutes. So I probably should, but I don't think I can really bike in a skirt. Um, but yeah, so that's, yeah, I think I just had a salad. I can't really remember. I think I just had, no, I always go out and buy my lunch. Well, most of the time I do, except for today. Today I ate at home. So today, oh, on Monday, just East gardens. It's just down the road and there's a food court there. So I always go there. You look like you're trying to trick me. No, what you're going to do? Um, I went to the gym. No, I didn't do a class. I just did my own workout because I was a bit sick on the weekend. So I was just recovering. So I decided to take it easy a bit for the Monday. Yeah. I work with my sisters and um, there's a couple of people that I know there because I've been training there for years. And also a lot of people from my old gym moved there because my old gym closed down. So fitness first, so there was an opportunity to start up a gym in Maribor so that everyone that was looking for a gym at that exact moment was offered like 50% discount on their membership. So they all moved there. So yeah, it's good. Oh, that night, just a couple, not a lot. The times that I go are a bit awkward sometimes. So yeah, I usually go quite late at night because I finish work and if I've got things to do after, like I don't finish, usually I finish at about seven o'clock work because my dad works quite late as well. But that day I finished at about five 30. So lately he hasn't been feeling so great. So we've been finishing earlier. Uh, no, I didn't. I had to wait for my sister probably about half an hour. Yeah. I waited at home and then yeah, about six quarter past six, something like that. Like eight 39 o'clock. Yeah. Huh? We've, we picked up takeaway from the Italian restaurant downstairs. So there's an Italian restaurant that's downstairs. There's takeaway. So we went there and we just got some seafood downstairs at the, at the, um, it's in Maroubra in Maroubra. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A little embarrassing, but yes, they do. Huh? Yeah, they do. And they always have it ready for us. Whenever we call up, they do it straight away and I'm just like, this is good service, but it's a little embarrassing, but yeah. So yeah, we went there and we got our dinner from there. I did. I do. But that day, because it's just a bit of a hassle for my sister to put her P's on and off and my other P still has my other P, my other sister still has her L's. So I wasn't really in the mood. We were a bit tired. It was just like stuff it. Let's just go home. It's a two minute drive anyways. No dramas. It was, but yeah. Oh, bubbles. Fantastic. No, I just watched a series on TV and that was about it. Two broke girls. Pretty funny. I'd get onto it if I was watched it live. Yes. Probably not. Yeah. It was on Foxtel. No, we downloaded it, but um, this better not be going anywhere. Um, yeah, we just downloaded it. It's an American series that just started. So it's literally only about a couple of episodes in, but it's pretty funny. No, no, I don't. Yes. This, this conversation is making me nervous now. Um, yeah. So it was good. Oh, you serious? Yeah. I wouldn't do that. Yeah. Seven. Yeah. It was pretty quick. Poured, put it in the microwave, chuck some raisins into it, have some yogurt and I'm done. I'm good for the rest of the day. Nah, no coffee in the morning. I usually have coffee with my dad at about what time do I have coffee? Usually at about 10 30 or 11 30 and then maybe one at two 30 three o'clock. Yeah. There's just a little coffee shop in the complex cause it's a factory complex. So there's a little coffee shop. Then we just go there and have a quick coffee. Yeah. How like $3 is all right. No, no. I go to East gardens to get my lawn. Yep. No, really? I try to, but I don't really get to. So I mean there's only so many salads that you can eat. All right. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. My pronunciation is terrible names by the way. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. After that, I have No comment.