 Yesterday was Thursday, wasn't it? I woke up in the morning at about seven o'clock, had to drop my car off to work, and then I had an appointment at the doctor's. I had to take my little sister with me. And then I went back home. I ended up picking my car up. My dad ended up picking me up from home, actually. Picked my, drove my car, dropped it home, went to the shopping center, had a few things to do over there, went for coffee, then went back to work for the next few hours. And then that basically was my day. Went to the gym. No, I didn't go to the gym. What did I do? I went to dinner. That's what I did. I went to dinner and yeah, just stayed home. That was pretty much it. No family. Yes. It was a family dinner. It was incredibly awkward as they usually are. No, it was good though. It was all right. Ended up having a steak, which was great. Loved my steak. Yeah, it was fine. It was only a couple of hours. I think it was in, where did we go? It was, maybe I'm thinking of another. I think we went to Double Bay. No, I ended up going to, yeah, yeah. It was Double Bay. It was Double Bay. I think so. Could have been another time. I don't know. I'm pretty sure that was what we did the other day. Yeah, I'm pretty sure. And yeah, after that, just stayed home. Didn't really do that much. So yeah, like Double Bay. It's good. It's nice and clean. No hectics. I quite enjoy it. Can drive around without being hooned. Excellent gelato there as well. Yeah, I go to Double Bay quite a bit. Go to the city quite a bit. Been at the casino quite a bit this week. So yeah, it's yeah, quite a, yeah, something like that. Almost missed my exam on Tuesday, which was great. Thought it was in the afternoon. It was actually in the morning. Woke up at eight o'clock, had my exam at 8.45. So yeah, lucky I only live five minutes away. Anyways. It was there back then. Yes, it was Thursday. Apologies, easily sidetracked. Dentist. Did I say dentist? I didn't go to the dentist. I went to the shopping center with my dad. Before that, oh, I had a doctor's appointment, but that wasn't a dentist. It was an a dentist appointment. Don't try and confuse me. It was a doctor. It wasn't a dentist. Although dentists are doctors. They're just underrated doctors. No one likes with a very high suicide rate. No one likes them. That's probably why. Anyways. Bought cat food, bought some nuts. What else did we do? Had lunch, got my dad's watch fixed and that was it. Yeah. Drank a coffee. It was a double espresso. It was delicious. Cause I love coffee so much. Yeah, that was pretty much all we did. It wasn't a particularly exciting day trip. So drove my car that my dad dropped back to the house because I ended up going back home cause I drove my other car to the doctor's appointment in the morning. And I stayed at home, waited for my dad to come and get me. And then what did he do? Yeah. And then he drove back my car and then we went to the shops. That was it. Yeah. My old high school maths teacher. We go way back. She's awesome. And we also saw a family friend of ours. One of my dad's family friends, his mother was having lunch in the food court. So as we were walking in, cause we parked on the second level, we ended up seeing her and we stopped for a bit, had a quick chat, said hello, and then went on our way. Yesterday? No, I didn't. That was a mistake. I was thinking of another day. I didn't go to the gym the other day. I'm pretty sure I didn't. I could be getting two days mixed up, but I'm pretty sure I didn't go to the gym yesterday. I might've said it and then backtracked. Yeah. I'm pretty sure I didn't go to the gym on Thursday. Yeah. I went to the gym this morning actually. I don't think I'll be able to walk tomorrow. Yeah. I go to the gym maybe about during, during semester I usually go about maybe two. I try to go for two to three times a week, but then once it hits sort of week 11, week 12, or pretty much after mid-session break, it's usually about, I'll be lucky if I go once or twice a week. So yeah, but during the break, I try and go at least four or five times a week. So I don't think I did. I'm pretty sure I didn't. No, because if I finished my exam on Tuesday, I know I went on Tuesday. I know I went on Wednesday. Yeah. I think I went on Wednesday, but not on Thursday. I didn't go on Thursday, but I went this morning. I usually, that's about three times. Cause I was going to end up going on the Saturday and the Sunday as well. So I figured I'd give Thursday a miss. Yeah. That was my mistake. Apologies. I'm going to get my gym days mixed up again. I'll try very hard not to. Drove. I drove. Yeah. My family. Usually if I drive, my dad sort of just sits in the front seat and my mom and my sister sit in the back. So it's a full car, but that's the only other five seater that we've got. My mom's got a five seater as well, but she's a terrible driver and she usually gets hassled by my dad when she drives. So it's usually me that drives. So it's all right. It wasn't too bad. Not really. Pretty much just standard family dinner. Yeah. It was good food. It was fine. We just wanted something quick and easy to eat because my mom didn't feel like cooking. So yeah. She was in the shopping center. No shopping center. I saw her in the shopping center. I'm pretty sure I told you this. Yeah. Whenever we bump into her, she lives in the area. So she's had me, she's had both my sisters and she's good friends with our maths tutor who we've had since I was like 10 years old. So she knows us quite well. She's really nice lady. But yeah. No, it was me. I drove home. My mom does not drive my car. She never drives my car because I'd lock my car back in one piece. So it was just me. That's it? All right. Easy. No comment. We're good? Easy.