 I woke up at home home yesterday and then I got up and I had avocado and toast with poached egg and that was really nice because I don't usually get avocado. And then I went into the city, made an appointment to give blood with a friend and went to the Elizabeth Street Centre and gave blood and I'm really scared of giving blood so that was really neat. Then we went shopping and had lunch in Hyde Park. Then we came back here, went down to the beach which was really nice, it's really cold water. And then we came back, went to the gym, wanted to go to the local bar for some punch bowls but then they closed early which is really silly of them, people are finishing exams. And so then we made our own punch bowls and went out and that's why the other girl you're interviewing is not feeling well today. Tequila does not sit well with her, especially when she hasn't had dinner. So then we went out and it was really busy out so we didn't actually get into any clubs so we went to a pub and then just came home because we were tired and I fell asleep in the pub. Yes, I frequent Napper out. There's a whole album of me on Facebook of me sleeping in random places. Yeah maybe. Oh well. I have a quick nip and then I'm happy to go. I have a second burst. That's generally how it works. So as long as I don't get kicked out for sleeping I'm all good. I think I've been kicked out one of the clubs because I slept. No not last night, that was all good. We were in like this kind of other area. But heaps of security guards walked past, they just didn't kick me out which is really stupid of them. Oh well. I nap upright so that's alright. Yeah, yeah literally. It's really good. But 9.30. I usually get up about 8.30 because class is at 9. Depends if I've been out the night before. We've been getting up early because we've had exams. So I've been getting up at 8.30. We caught a taxi. We were running really late so yeah. We were in seven buses, no buses and then yeah. Oh. I was a couple of punch bowls in by the time I got into that taxi. No it wasn't that expensive though. I don't remember what. Oh actually no I do remember. Okay. We're taking it and Ali was trying to direct the taxi driver for some weird reason and she's like, why are you going here? And I was like, actually the quicker way. And she just kept debating with the taxi driver the whole way. It was really funny. But no he dropped us where we wanted to be. We got out the traffic lights before the club so we didn't have to sit at the traffic light. Costing another $2. That's good. And then yeah. Yeah. Caught a taxi home. Caught it home. It was really funny. We were with a couple. The couple was fighting. Another girl was passed out and I was just talking about how I really wanted cereal. That's our taxi ride home. No, I drove from home home to university and then we caught a bus because parking in the city is so expensive. So we caught a bus in and then we got off too early so we had to walk for ages. But it all worked out. We decided it was getting our blood pumping for the giving blood. So it was good. Worked out in the end. Lunch time. Yeah we had David Jones food court for lunch. And my friend that I was with is so indecisive so we literally walked around the food court for like 15 minutes because whenever I go to David Jones food court I always have the noodle bar with my mum. We always get a glass of wine. But she's not really into that so we ended up having sandwiches and sitting in Hyde Park. But then it was really funny because she went to order her sandwich from this lady and I don't think she spoke much English and she's like, can I have chicken? She's like, we don't have chicken. And I was like, what? And then she's like, can I have this other meat? They didn't have that other meat. And so we just, she just backed off and then waited for the next assistant. She's like, can I have chicken? She's like, yeah sure. And puts the chicken on. So they had chicken the whole time. How did we get to the beach? Oh I drove to the beach because we usually walk to the beach but the other girls that we're going with, they're med kids so they've still got exams on so we've got to be quick. So we drove. And then yeah, drove back as well. We had to go to the, we're going hopefully to Southeast Asia in January. So we went to the backpackers world travel on the way back. So we walked halfway back by the time we got into the car. Yeah, no I do. Oh, I'm not hugely regular, but I've got O negative blood type. So they really like my blood because I can donate to anyone. And I'm also like, I found out yesterday that I'm like a rare type of O negative because I'm some CV negative or something like that. Like some cool negative thing. And so therefore if I donate, I like, and I would use my blood for like babies because you can't donate like diseases that like I've got like perfect condition blood. So I try and donate. Just one. Yeah. Yeah, just well, there was two and then one had to go to the airport. But yeah, no, just one. We didn't really shop that much. We were tired. We just had to buy some birthday presents for a friend. There was four of us that went down. But then there was like so many down the beach because we all live around here and people are finishing exams. It was probably like 20 or so down the beach, which is nice, but good. Yeah. And then there was like four, there was like additives. But yeah, mainly actually, yeah. I only had lunch with one person, but yeah. Oh, punch. No. Oh, punch was interesting. I know that the crowd increased in number by then. We had, yeah, those girls were there, but also like some other girls and some guys were there as well. Good fun. No, I'm going to say. Try and make me sound good. No, we finished exams. We've got heaps of time. And the other girl starts work on Wednesday and most people start work next week. So we're going to have a good week and then we all start work, so it's not fun.