 Okay, I got up and it was because my neighbors were arguing because apparently there's a person who walks past my neighbor's garden and he regularly gets tomatoes and cucumbers from his garden. And that person said to my neighbor, next time get me bigger tomatoes. So my neighbor got offended and he said, you can have no more tomatoes this year and next year you shall get big tomatoes. And then he was saying to me, my neighbor was saying to me, what does he expect? I don't choose the size of the tomatoes and we only have a small plot of land so we can't rotate the crops or anything. And then there was another neighbor who got upset because her hose went missing and so she was asking my neighbor, do you know what happened to the hose? And he said, did you see who took my hose? No, I didn't see what happened. He was getting very angry and they don't like each other anyway. So that was when they, I think now they've stopped talking to each other. That's okay. All right. So apparently now those neighbors have stopped talking to each other, but I get on with both of them. And then a possum catcher came and he found that a rat had triggered the cage rather than the, but the possum had managed to eat half of the apple. And so then I talked to my neighbor and he caught me up with all of these events. I heard the shouting, but I didn't know exactly what had happened. So he explained everything to me. And then I went for a walk to the beach and I went for a swim and then I did some shopping at the supermarket and I met my friend at a cafe and then I went home for lunch and I had zucchini flowers from my neighbor's garden. And then I stayed home because I'd watched some DVDs. So I was watching David Suchet playing Boro, I guess the Christie's Murders. And then I heard some neighbors shouting and swearing at each other, but they were far away. So I thought, okay, I'll just ignore them. I'll listen to some music instead. So I turned the radio on to shut out the noise. And then I heard my neighbor, who's insane, yelling very loudly. So then I had to contact the police and ask them to come around and report it. And they came about two hours later, even though he was yelling that he would behead people, which made me rather concerned. You know, if that's not a big enough emergency, then I don't know what is. I mean, what did they expect would happen in that period of time? So yes, then I was interrupted again because the police came to my door and I had to talk to them and I had to wait for them to come as well. So I couldn't go out. And then I heard a possum in my roof, so it was time to go to sleep. Oh, I had dinner before that though. Oh, that person apparently stops by my neighbor's porch every day and often asks for tomatoes and cucumbers. And my neighbor often gives them to him. No, because I'm always in bed. I'm always trying to sleep. And it often comes at 6.30 in the morning. So I'll often get my industrial strength headphones and put them over my ears and go back to sleep again. Yes, yes. Possum catcher came about nine o'clock in the morning. Oh, not very long. Yes, yes. I had to call the day before and argue with housing. My neighbor was concerned that the possum would die in the cage and then he'd have a stinking possum in his ceiling. So I called maintenance and they said, oh, they don't have to complete the job until the 7th of December. And I said, well, I think the possum will die by then, so please contact the possum catcher. Probably about 10 o'clock. No, at the cafe after that. At the beach? No, probably about an hour. I met my friend at the cafe at about 11 because the cafe is near the beach. No, no, grocery shopping. Just Woolworths, Food for Less, whatever it is. No, they have a Woolworths there, that's right. Nothing apart from a very heavy smoker standing behind me while I was waiting at the checkout. So I kept trying to get away from him because I've got a rather sensitive nose. He kept standing closer to me and I couldn't turn around and say to him, look, you stink. Go away. Oh, yes, I use the old fashioned one. I'm hopeless with that self-serve one. I always have problems and I have to stick my hand up and it takes much longer. No, they always seem to have a different person there. I don't know. I guess I just don't remember them. I can't remember. I just remember we talked a lot. No, we're just catching up. From time to time. No, I went on my own. Yes, yes, pretty much, yes, usually. Oh, the Poirot ones. How many DVDs I watch? Oh, about three. I can't remember. Call the police at about two o'clock in the afternoon. Oh, no, the local station. They're familiar with my insane neighbour. No, no, they have different people all the time. So I always have to update them. I just listen to classical music, classic FM. No, I called the police first. Oh, they just have a lot of work to do. They regard it as a noise complaint and noise complaint's always the lowest priority. No, well, they called me back twice. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.