 Okay, I got up, I had breakfast, I went and talked to my neighbor about the possum in the roof and we also discussed pest control in the garden because he helps me with my gardening and then I went for a walk, I went to the beach and I went for a swim and then I went shopping and I just got groceries and then I went to a jewelry store because I liked the jewelry in the window, I just walked inside and talked about a necklace and then I met a friend at a cafe, we had some coffee and then I went home for lunch and I chatted a bit more to my neighbors about the garden and then I had dinner and went to bed. Yes, well my neighbor wanted to shoot it, no, well I hope not and he has very bad eyesight so I think it would be a disaster, no because pest control called me today so I'll tell him about it so I think it's a safer way to solve the problem. About 10 minutes, it is going there because it's downhill going there but going back it's uphill, yes, no, about an hour, I just walked there, it's close to the beach, no, no, I can't afford it but sometimes if I like a piece of jewelry I'll walk in and ask someone but then I have to make it clear that I don't want to buy anything. Yes, yes, that was nice, yes, it was good to catch up with my friend, I hadn't seen her for a while, no, not regularly, yes, no, I just relaxed, no, no but he asked me to stop feeding the snails in the garden beer, he thinks beer should just be for people and not for snails, yes, well it doesn't seem to be working anyway, oh no, I just had the usual sausages, veg, frozen vegetables. The previous day, oh, the previous day was pretty rushed, I had to go to university and I had a whole lot of classes, I have a lecture that starts at 9 and then I'll have a gap, I'll have lectures continuously after that and then I have a gap for about 4 hours and I have a 2 hour lecture and I don't get home till about 7 so my day pretty much goes from 9 to 6 but with a 4 hour gap in between, yes, I don't enjoy that day, yes, I went to a lab and did some work there, I walked to uni, no, sometimes I catch a bus from Randwick, other times I just walk, about 2 kilometres, sorry? You wouldn't have wanted to do it? Oh, that's right, yes, usually, yes, my classmates, most of them, yes, sometimes I feel I don't understand anything but it helps when I feel I understand something, no, I just relax. It was pretty good, well I washed my clothes and it was a good drying day so my clothes actually dried on the line which was good, no, not really, oh, for about 6 months, yes, we chatted almost every day, yes, he's a very good neighbour, it won't be a problem if he doesn't get a gun, I would be worried if he got a gun, yes, I don't think they'd give him one, no, thank goodness, that worried me when I was in America, yes, well, when I was at, going to Union Station, I went down the escalators and there was a man with a huge submachine gun pointing it towards the people at the escalators and well, the first thing I did was just to step back and go, whoa, you know, like, I haven't got a gun, I'm not shooting anyone, I had no idea what was going on and it turned out they had a massive load of guns and they were transferring it from one track to the other to get rid of this huge amount of guns, I don't know what was going on, whether it was a huge buyback scheme or something, but that was pretty scary, no, I didn't buy it, I just looked at it, it was well outside of my price range, yes, definitely, I think everything I had was outside my price range, yes, oh, about now, it depends, depends on how sunburnt I get, no, I just like swimming for fun, yes, I'm trying to avoid other people, if there are too many people in the pool, no, I usually go shopping when I realise I'm going to run out of something, I don't particularly like shopping, sometimes I can get my boyfriend to do shopping for me, which makes me happy, okay, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Okay.