 Well I got up and I had breakfast and after I had breakfast I was washing my dishes and then my neighbour was yelling out my name outside my door so I opened the door and he had a whole lot of zucchini flowers for me from his garden so he asked me for a plastic bag and I got a plastic bag and he put them in for me so I was able to cook them for lunch because, which was good because I had eggs and flour but I didn't have anything else to have for lunch. And then I went to a cafe with a friend who I hadn't seen for a while and my friend also likes gardening so we talked about gardening and pest control and getting rid of a possum. We were talking about what kinds of fruit the possum likes the most because the person comes with a trap to trap the possum but you need to have something to entice the possum into the trap. So my neighbour had a carrot because I didn't have apples that week and normally I have apples. Apparently possums particularly like green or red apples and I noticed that I could keep hearing a possum in the evening so I thought the possum had not been enticed by the carrot so I bought a red apple and gave it to my neighbour and he was very pleased. And my friend was talking about noisy birds in her garden and how they poo everywhere and it's very annoying but you can't do much about noisy birds. And then we went to Centennial Park, we went for a bike ride, we hired some bikes and helmets and we rode bikes for about an hour and then we felt tired so we went home and I just relaxed, I had some afternoon tea, chatted to my neighbours and just stayed at home and then went to sleep in the evening. Now I was too busy. I don't like watching TV anyway, I mean I have a TV port but I've never used it. I usually just do searches on the internet for whatever I'm interested in. Yes usually ABC News, BBC News, yes and sometimes the celebrity gossip. I got up at about 8 o'clock in the morning. Yes, well it depends on my neighbour, he likes to yell all night so yes, it depends on how late he yells the previous night. Not as late as usual so I was able to wake up a bit earlier. Zucchini flowers. Well now it's the season for the zucchinis to be growing flowers so it's very seasonal, he likes to get things fresh from the garden which is nice. No, he has a little one but I'd never had zucchini flowers before so it's quite nice, he was able to tell me how to cook them and it was good. Fry them with eggs and flour, it's pretty easy. Yes, no after lunch, that's right. I walk there because I'm close to the cafes, it's about a 10 minute walk. Just one person. Yes, sometimes I try other cafes. No, normally I just go to Glory Jean, there's lots of people there. Sometimes, not that regularly. I rang her the day before and I said, would you like to have coffee at the cafe and she said she prefers to go in the afternoon. No, well I like mangoes and mangoes are in season now so I bought quite a few mangoes and my neighbour sometimes gives me mangoes as well so I had plenty of those and then I bought some nectarines because they were cheap so I just tend to buy whatever's at the supermarket, unless I particularly like something like mangoes or cherries. Fair enough. Yes, that's true. We walked there because we hired the bikes when we got there, about an hour. Well after walking to the cafe and other places, riding for about an hour was enough. No, we just wanted to try it that week. I saw some horses, there are often horses at Centennial Park. There were some people who were, you know, they jump over obstacles and things. I like the duck pond. Yeah, I saw some ducks, that was nice and they, I think, yeah, roses are growing as well in the garden. Oh really? I used to like walking around there a lot and I have done some bike riding there too. Oh, okay. It's quite a nice park, good walk or bike ride. No, that's right. And yes, it's not that far from my place. Everything's about a ten minute walk away. Yes, it's pretty good. Well, I found out that Demi Moore wanted to get divorced. I don't think that was particularly important news, but, well, there you go. Depends on whether your friends are into it as well, I suppose. Um, no, because I complained about him yelling something particularly violent, so they know he has a mental illness and they rushed over to. So perhaps I sedated him, I don't know. But he was yelling again in the morning, which woke me up at eight o'clock. Oh yes, it's been living in the roof for a number of years and there were holes in the walls so the neighbor actually blocked them up with bricks. So then I heard scraping above my bathroom roof and I said, what is going on? And then I realized the possum was actually lifting the tiles of the roof in order to get into the roof, which I didn't know possums could do that. No, no, no. The yelling one is mad. The other one is really nice. Yes. No, the neighbor who helps me with the possum is also the one who brings me zucchini flowers because there's no manhole in my roof but there's a manhole in his roof and so he wanted to get rid of the possum as well. So I rung for the person to come and then he invited the person into his place to possum. Okay, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. It's really tempting to answer some of these questions.