 two days ago on Tuesday. I actually had the day off on Tuesday because I was feeling a bit ill in the morning so I kind of called in sick when I woke up. I would have woken up about quarter to seven, realised I was feeling dodgy and called in sick to work. I was actually a bit ill in the toilet for a while, probably wouldn't have been until about quarter past seven. Then I had a bit of breakfast and headed off to the doctor's. I have to travel a few suburbs over to go to one of those drop in medical centres. So that would have been in Neutral Bay and would have arrived there maybe a bit before ten o'clock and sort of let them know I was needing to see a doctor and waited probably, it would have been about half an hour before the doctor was available. I saw the doctor for probably would have only been five or ten minutes. Basically just said you have a bit of a cold flu kind of thing. Just said gave me some flu medication to take, well prescription for. So then I went to the pharmacy and picked up medication, grabbed a coffee nearby and then went to the bus stop to head home. We would have been at the bus stop maybe around quarter past eleven, eleven thirty. Got home, time to have some lunch and just made a basic lunch sandwich and vegged out on the couch watching television. Nothing really decent on stuff like The View or something like that. Watched a little bit of news where I could. I realised I had a movie that I had bought that I hadn't watched yet so probably put that on about two o'clock since nothing decent was on TV. What movie was it? I think it was Rocky Five or something. One that I had seen the first few. I think that went for about a couple of hours. Checked my emails. Had a shower, sometimes having more showers makes me feel better so I had a late afternoon shower. And again vegged out on the couch watching TV for a while until dinner. Just made a spaghetti. More TV. Lounging out. I did get a call from a friend and just said we decided to set something up for this weekend. I imagine I'll be alright to go out. Just going to play some tennis. Yeah, didn't really do much. A lot of TV really that day. It was after dinner so it would have been maybe about seven thirty, quarter to eight. It was only like probably between about three and five minutes. Yeah, often we sort of leave the catching up to sort of if we meet up in person. I mean if we're not probably going to meet up in person we might talk for ten or fifteen but otherwise we just have a quick chat and catch up when we see each other. From university. We met during I think it was an information session to see if you wanted to be part of one of the reviews. I took a bus to the doctors and that was I think between like nine thirty, quarter to ten I think. Something like that. Not that I remember. It was one of those medical centres quite large so they have a few doctors on. Yeah, don't get sick that often. Didn't work. Oh yeah, I did a sick call. I probably called about quarter past seven I'd say. Yeah, you just call and sort of leave a message basically. There's not always someone in that time. Oh, I think they just, you know, they figure you'll be alright. Only if there's a problem they'll call back I guess. Not on Tuesday though. After dinner. There was Simpsons and like Cleveland Show. Yeah, I like sort of the more adult comedies but yeah. I usually just take away yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well the one in Neutral Bay yeah. There's one closer to where I live that I like to go to but seeing as I was in Neutral Bay I just went to this one. Yeah, I've been to it once or twice before. It was alright though. Going back. Prices are probably a little bit better that one than a couple of the other ones nearby. Nah, not really. Nah. Probably, I don't know, maybe five, ten minutes. Nah, not that I remember. No. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment, no comment, no comment.