 okay uh... basically uh... my mom would've gone off about seven thirty ignored it for about ten or fifteen would've got up about quarter to eight i guess uh... downstairs had some breakfast watched whatever was on the television at the time uh... eight thirty uh... would've left the house head off to work got to work about nine thirty and um... yeah pretty much stayed at work the whole day stopping for like lunch and cup of coffee about would've been about eleven o'clock uh... finished work about i think i left about twenty past four and just continued the rest of the day did you? yep okay um... uh... i think i went yeah no i went straight to the pub after that uh... had a couple of beers uh... i think i put twenty bucks in the pokies lost that uh... and would've headed home got home about twenty past six so probably would've left the pub about ten to six uh... yeah had some dinner watched some television and uh... yeah not much checked my emails uh... went to bed about eleven uh... i walk uh... to get to work i walk uh... uh... i live probably it's about half an hour walk from the city uh... work in elizabeth street yeah did you want to know sort of how i got which road i took basically down williams street uh... onto park and then so the entry is behind the building on uh... elizabeth street uh... yeah pretty much it's the easiest way the bus is uh... a bit unreliable get a bit of exercise that way even on the hot days usually yeah i just dress lighter uh... there was one guy sort of near work but uh... didn't talk to him he was in a bit of a rush to get to work uh... guy i knew from university uh... we're in a few classes together uh... just caught up for a minute or so it was good to hear um... he's been promoted from last time i spoke to him uh... now and again but uh... yeah he's not a real close friend just someone i've sort of had some classes with catch up with now and again uh... uh... uh... pretty dodgy really i like going to mcdonalds because uh... it's a bit cheap cheap and nasty but um... yeah i wouldn't really call that special no um... don't really listen to the radio at work but uh... tv yeah it was just one of those morning shows but um... who was on uh... i think they were talking about michael jackson's doctor again uh... yeah it seems to me like what they did with michael jackson's uh... a bit bizarre i think they uh... they let celebrities get away with a bit too much but um... at the same time i imagine it's pretty difficult to be in the limelight and to not have a private life so yeah i guess they gotta get help somehow but i don't think really drugs is the answer um... okay so um... went to the pub um... had a couple of beers a couple of people down there that i know uh... uh... think some racing or something was on the tv usually is because it's one of those pubs where they have a tab and people like to watch the gambling but um... yeah probably spent yeah it was twenty twenty dollars on the pokies probably uh... probably spent about twenty minutes on that just a couple of different machines uh... and uh... yeah not much uh... nah just different people people from the local really people just always go to the same pub uh... most times just you know relax chat to some mates down there so yeah definitely uh... yeah i think they try and make it as comfortable as they can to keep you in there as long as possible uh... yeah just you know check my emails watch a bit of tv had a shower as well uh... a little bit on the internet like chatting you know on the chat sites but um... i don't do that uh... an awful lot but um... yeah just some way to keep in touch with friends yeah usually yeah it's just easier uh... occasionally you know maybe if it's raining or you know if the weather's real bad i might catch the bus but um... they're too infrequent they only come like every half hour or so so yeah yeah usually unless i need to pick something up on the way back uh... so might take a detour to go to the supermarket or something uh... not that i remember no not yesterday uh... i'd say maybe two or three times a week just pick up milk and bread and what have you and sometimes get a few more things but i usually do a big shop on the weekend um... I like to go to like aldy to save a bit of money for um... yeah... staples uh... no I didn't see anyone along the way home no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment No comment. Okay.