 Sunday I went to the beach, so earlier in the day, and went to a friend's barbecue in the afternoon which lasted to the evening. So I would have got up about 8.30, had breakfast at home, you know, coffee, orange juice, cereal, had a shower, packed my bags for the beach, and just, you know, a towel and that, didn't bring any food or anything. Just before I left, put on some sunscreen, and a hat, then walked down to the beach, probably would have left about maybe quarter to ten. Walked down to the beach, sat on the sand for a bit, happened to bump into a female friend who's down at the beach, so, which is good because I don't like leaving my stuff alone, so left it with her, and I went for a bit of a body surf, and yeah, sort of came out, talked to my friend again for a bit, went back in to the sea again, and, you know, back out. Did that again, I'm not the strongest of swimmers, so I kind of need to take a break, and yeah, chatted to my friend for a bit, it was about lunchtime, so just after 12, went to one of the food places near the beach, got like a sandwich and coke, and yeah, sat and ate that at the cafe. Walked home, when I got home, had another shower, just to get the seawater off, just a quick one, had a cup of coffee, phoned a friend just to make sure the party was still on, sat on the computer a bit, checking emails and watching videos and whatnot, and checking the news, and about 3.30 just started to get ready to head off to the barbecue, and caught the bus about quarter, between quarter to four and four, I think it was, and got down and right from my mate's place where the barbecue was at, would have been about 20 past four or so, walked down and yeah, spent a good time at the barbecue, drinking beers and snack food and catching up with old friends. They had the sing star going inside, so I sang one of the songs there, but it was pretty terrible, so I just left the singing to people who could do it a bit better, and yeah, basically just stayed there for a while. Probably had one or two too many beers, but I was still able to get back to the bus stop alright, and so I probably got back to the bus stop about half nine, ten o'clock, something like that. Headed home, got ready for bed, just watched a bit of TV as I was going to sleep, and yeah, so I probably would have fallen asleep a bit after, between 11 and 12, something like that, yeah. Ah, yep, especially in the summer, not so much in winter. I have tried it a few times, but it takes a lot of psyching up, I'm more likely to give myself a sleep in or find something better, warmer to do. At the, you mean at the beach? No, no, I happen to bump into her. Yeah, although we do see each other a fair bit down the beach in the warmer months. It would have been between 12 and 1, I think, probably about 20 past or something like that. Ah, no, she stayed down, I think, and I think she was waiting for another friend or something, I can't remember exactly, but she stayed down on the sand, so. Um, I've been to the cafe a few times before, so I know one of the guys behind the counter, but apart from that, no. Um, from my place to the beach, it's about 20 minutes, 15, 20 minutes, so, um, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. How many friends? Ah, just the one. I just wanted to check the barbecue was still on. Um, buses are pretty good where I am, so it's more like, it would have been, you know, 5 or 10 minutes. You wouldn't be there longer than 15 minutes before another bus would come, usually. Um, no, I just had one of those bad drivers that doesn't seem to know how to drive the gas buses very well, because I find they're very jerky, and I had a driver that wasn't so good with it, so people fall on down a little, to the, well, a bit to the side too much, yeah. That's about the most I remember of that bus ride. Um, a good many. Uh, at least 20, I'd say, so. Sorry? Ah, no, no. Only most people, or I've met them before, but, um, you know, friends of friends always turn up and oil on new girlfriends, new boyfriends. Um, no, not really. Um, uh, I think the funniest thing was, uh, one of the guys got on the SingStar when he was a bit drunk and, uh, kind of murdered one of the songs, um, otherwise of the regular Barbie. Uh, I didn't catch the taxi, I caught the bus. Yeah. Um, well, yeah, it could, pretty much, yeah. Uh, Sunday night stuff, I don't know. I sometimes just flick the channel to something I don't always, um, normally watch, so. I don't think it was something I regularly watch. Might have been one of those Crash Scene things. Yep. Is it still running? Ah okay, sorry. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.