 Yeah, is that... The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog? Good, cool, okay. Well, yesterday I got up and my monkey butler brought me my customary breakfast of 12 wheat beef in a golden bowl. Then I watched some TV. There wasn't really anything on so I hooked my laptop to the TV and just watched some YouTube on it. Then I realised I should do some study because I've got an exam coming up which I failed the first time so I study pretty much constantly for that. So I did that for most of the day. Eating a lot as well. Study brings on hunger. It didn't really do much else. Eating and studying basically and TV. Probably about 7 or something, maybe 6. Had dinner and just realised I wasn't taking anything else in. No point doing any more. Watched some TV, played some Xbox. Relaxed. No, apart from the Facebook. Yeah, I suppose just probably every day. I don't go on it for long but I don't know, I just go on and see if anyone's written anything funny and basically just log out again before someone tries talking to me. Ah, physics. Yeah, higher physics 1b, first year. I really wouldn't have picked to do higher physics unless it was necessary for Pert. So I did the first exam and failed that one and I realised I probably didn't study enough of that. And then finally the supplementary exam which is on Thursday so I've been trying to get kind of like one more topic under my belt I can hopefully pass out because I don't want to have to do that course again. Ah, it's alright. It's just, I don't know, a lot of concepts are just weird and I can't seem to figure out how to actually apply them to the questions they give you. Especially when they don't give you any numbers in the questions. They're all just algebraic reasoning and annoying. Ah, Weet-Bix. 12. Yeah, I like Weet-Bix. I can't get through a day properly without Weet-Bix in the morning or just breakfast of some sort really. I don't know, school is always weird because people just wouldn't have breakfast or something. And I just used to be having breakfast like every morning just how could you not have breakfast? I just couldn't live without breakfast. Yeah, it's the most important meal that sets you up for the day. Ah, in a golden bowl. Yeah, by my monkey butler. Ah, yeah, sometimes we change it up between the platinum and the silver bowls and varying amounts of Weet-Bix. It's always Weet-Bix with milk and sugar as soon as I get up. Ah, he's pretty new but the one before him was pretty good as well. He was an actual human, a gile. He was pretty good. He was probably more capable but more obedient. He couldn't carry as much. The monkey's pretty good with he can hop and carry something on his foot as well. Pretty dex. Sunday, more studying and also mum and dad went to see my cousin doing a, he was at a remembrance day ceremony thing so he had like the white gloves and the rifle and full costume and he had to stand still for ages. I was going to go but I got up too late so I didn't but then everyone who went to that came back afterwards for like morning tea so I went out and sat with them and talked for a while and played some Xbox with my cousin, had some lunch and went back to studying. No, he's unfortunately not. He always thinks it's a treat when he comes over. Gets his Xbox controllers brought to him by the treat. Probably doesn't need to because they're right next door. Yeah, he is. Yeah, I did. Ah, same physique but um, not as much as I probably should have. I also went to work only, I do shelving at a library, just two hour shift. Good fits in well with uni, fit in well with the HSC as well and yeah, so Sunday I did that from 2.30, 4.30. I drove actually. It's only a 15 minute walk but it was really hot so I probably shouldn't have wasted money in petrol but it was really, I didn't want to get there all sweaty and then have to work. No, no, I couldn't afford a butler, a chauffeur as well. I kind of spent all the money on the monkey butler and all the various precious metal crockery. No, no, not really, just shelving. Very monotonous putting books on shelves, especially in the kids section where the highest shelf only comes up to about your waist. A lot of bending, almost sitting down, just book after book after book. Pretty boring, nothing eventful. Sometimes we get a few odd characters in at the library. There weren't any on Sunday but often because in summer it's always cool and in winter it's always warm so people without a place to go tend to come in and sit there and read. Some of them rather, rather odd. One guy doesn't step on crack in the pavement or the carpet or anything and he carries two shopping bags full of his stuff. Yeah, although not lately. I don't know. Yeah, he used to come in basically every time I was there. Didn't say anything. He was a bit, yeah, people tend to, no, no. I wasn't quite sure how to search for him. I thought shelving bag, Hornsby library man wouldn't really do it. Facebook search is pretty good but it's not that good. I didn't catch him. I almost, no, I drove there but normally I'd come straight from uni if it's on a Tuesday or Tuesdays and Sundays. Sunday I just drive. But Tuesdays I come straight from uni because it's basically at the train station and then I do catch him. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment. No comment.