 Okay, Monday got up Put the TV on Probably watched some English panel show on YouTube Then had my wheat bix Had a shower then after a while Put the Christmas decorations on the tree. I was watching Love Actually while I did it so I wasn't too bored and When I finished that I went to a friend's house and mowed the lawn for them So yeah, they've very very thick grass and they have two dogs And I lost track of how many times I stepped in dog crap. Go through the rest of the day. Yeah, and then Finished that then dropped me home Then I went to cricket training in the indoor net. They got a rented out some nets there They've got bowling machines just go in there and bat for about five ten minutes Um, yeah, then finished that at about nine came home That was basically it. Watched a bit more TV then went to bed. Yeah. Yeah, just a little laptop and I bought a long RGB cable or whatever and yeah, I just watched iview or YouTube or stuff on the TV I only wish I had a remote for my laptop. Yeah, it's probably could it's the only thing that's missing Oh, probably not many probably just half hour probably ask Rod Gilbert. It's this English panel show Yeah, they ask kind of the questions You don't normally hear on quiz shows like, you know Who'd win in a fight between an owl and a hawk kind of thing? And yeah, they keep going until they think they've got an answer Yeah, so it's basically just while I have breakfast and then get ready in the morning And wheat bix eight. Yep. Yeah, I find it hard to start the day without my wheat bix If I have a big enough bowl, I go for nine, but yeah, no No, I don't normally drink anything in the morning. Just just a wheat bix. Yep milk and yeah light milk just and Sugar yeah No, no honey or anything like that. I see other people put honey on it and I'm just like Oh, there's Christmas decorations Yeah Yeah, put the tree up a couple of days earlier and mom is yeah mom wanted me to do that She's she's a principal in the last few weeks of term are quite stressful and we're also having the family Christmas here on Sunday So she's yeah, just really trying to make sure everything gets done without her having to do anything She's pretty stressed out. So do whatever she wants. Don't wanna don't wanna stress her out anymore Uh, maybe a couple of marketers Just one or two just looking for dad or something. No, no, no friends. No, I never really do anything inventive I just I just hang up after a few seconds if I if there's a delay and then they say hi I just hang up or if they say is mr. Is your dad here? I say no and then they hang up Yeah, I plan on doing creative things, but I never do I always plan on answering in an accent or something But never no, I help them mow the lawn Is that the only part that her sister normally does it but she'd done something to her shoulders throwing a ball So yeah, I did it the grass was like really thick. I don't think that might have from a couple of months I went to primary school with mill Yeah, then high school as well, yeah, and then yeah, they're their father died a couple of years ago So yeah, help them out and stuff add dogs to them I'm actually one of the dog godfathers because I was there when it was born, but I'm not really a big animal person So I don't really interact with it much. Uh, I don't know middle I suppose towards more Beagle, I think yeah, it's called Bella the others lost I almost did the full comical step on one and sleep like a banana peel But I'm yeah almost I managed to somehow control it. But yeah, it's it was they were very hard to see in that grass I just be walking along. There's another one. Yeah, just till I'm finished and then I'll do it. Yeah. Well, yeah Luckily, I didn't smell too much and and there was a bin to disguise the smell there the green bin Stank something awful. I don't know what they had in there. But yeah, it kind of disguised the smell of all that crap I think no, I dropped me home and then yeah, I just watched some TV or something probably ate something and Then I went to cricket training. Yeah Let's see. Maybe about one one or two say 130 Um would taken a couple of hours for I think yeah for no Oh, well, there was a friend of hers already there, but no one else. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She was also dropping her home They just watched me mow the lawn and laughed. Yeah, no since kindergarten before so it's about 12 13 years now Yeah, I was more of a bowler now. I'm actually leading our club in wickets for this season. So that's good Yeah, yeah, it was yeah, cuz the indoor nets you don't get room for a run-up when you're bowling So use the bowling machines and they're always fun I'd drive I gave my brother and a friend of his a lift up and then I dropped my brother trivia I had popped the blowgun and then gave his friend. Cool. No comment. No comment. No comment Comment no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment no comment comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.