 uh... c tuesday go up uh... yet okay well i got up and uh... had some breakfast went down for a swim in my own personal section of the ocean that was good, i can't surf but i don't know i just like to go in and i boogie board but i never got into surfing yeah came back in had a shower then went to work still working just shelving books on shelves kids section is worse the higher shelf is about hip height uh... a lot of bending down on my knees forcing myself to get back up after a couple of hours is quite hard didn't do much else went to a trivia night that night, came second last and you get a prize for coming second last yeah almost better than coming or better than doing well almost got another bar of chocolate, that was good uh... probably around 7.30 never really been able to sleep in much, doesn't work uh... didn't need to catch a bus because i live by the sea because i didn't want to have to commute to my personal swimming pool slash section of the ocean so yeah i'd basically jump in from my window, it's exaggerating i have to walk down the path along a jetty and then into the ocean but still uh... well i inherited it, family was quite rich we inherited it, it's quite exclusive, even all the fish have to have their passports checked on their way in yeah it's great, it's not too big, basically the size of an olympic swimming pool but uh... it's our bit of ocean maybe an hour, hour or two, don't like to time myself out too much well i went at three o'clock on tuesday, i kind of can go anywhere between two and six thirty, i just felt like i went at three that day, nah not really i just like to just like to relax, maybe watch some illegally downloaded movies and things tv shows, no, well the way i see it is they're things that i otherwise wouldn't have bought anyway so there's no harm in me downloading them at least someone's seeing it, uh... i may have chatted a bit, i'm not sure i uh... a friend of mine wanted to catch up, we're going to go see a movie next wednesday so that was between swim and work uh... maybe one o'clock just after i've finished lunch, toast, vegemite on toast, three lots found that after three vegemite on toast you get a taste in your mouth not dissimilar to beer which is quite odd in the middle of the day having just finished lunch and it feels like you've been drinking for a while i'm not feeling it uh... not many really, i just listen to my ipod while i walk yeah basically i just talk to basically just one guy there there are other people there but i don't know, i don't really talk to them it's just a bit awkward now i've never really said hi to them basically just one guy who tells me which trolleys to take out and i talk to him and the other people are just kind of there. uh... work, see this time i you know i walked because there weren't any cars available uh... well it only takes about twelve minutes if i walk fast but it was really hot so it took my time it took about twenty minutes, didn't want to get all hot and sweaty there so i just kind of strolled stopped for a drink at a bubbler or two and yeah casually walked. no, no, i pass people's houses that i know but i never see them uh... don't really, i don't really have any friends at work for a start they're about forty so it'd be a bit odd i feel i had a couple of friends yeah it was actually for my birthday drinks my birthday was a couple of weeks ago and i have another friend who we had the same birthday and last year we had a joint party but this year i didn't want to do that, i just wanted to have a couple of people just go to some trivia and have a couple of drinks so there was only six of us. yeah, yeah pretty close no, i can walk there as well it only takes about fifteen minutes. what about home? yeah walked again yeah, a little bit we didn't do too much drinking there, there was more back at the house and someone spilled a beer on a cricket guide my brother was quite, he leapt up and it happened. NOT THE CRICKET GUIDE! not really actually, not as much as i'd probably like to. i don't know, we don't really do many things just the like, kind of five or six of us anymore or if we do it's at someone else's house uh... couple of people did, some people didn't have their swimming stuff and didn't want to, some of them were a bit wet blankets but, yeah they probably left at about twelve, i thought they'd stay longer but i don't know, it suddenly turned out they all needed to go places in the morning yeah. no comment