 Right, um, Monday. Hmm, sorry, actually struggling to recall. Um, I got up to have coffee with a friend. Um, we met, uh, at their house in Rose Bay. Um, I drove there. We met at about 10 o'clock. Um, went to go get coffee in Barrackville. I forget the name of the place. Um, uh, we stayed there for about three or four hours. Then we came through to the university. Um, we worked on some research for a few hours. Um, and then we parted ways at about 6 30. I went home and I was home for the rest of the night. That's right. Um, not too bad, about 30, 35 minutes. Um, no, not too bad. Um, um, it was a relatively easy, actually kind of surprising for that time on a Monday morning. Yes. Uh, reasonably a few times a week. Barrackville. There's a coffee place that, um, my friend had been recommended. Yeah, it is. Apparently the place was particularly good and it was, it was very nice. Um, a few hours, maybe, uh, maybe three. Uh, yeah. Um, um, I think just a toasted sandwich. Yeah. Big, small. I wouldn't have called it small, but it wasn't, yeah. Like multi-story. Um, there's a few people in there, mainly takeaway customers. Um, maybe about 10 other people. We drove, that was. That's right. Uh, no, I, um, go to UNSW, so no, no parking. Uh, probably 20 minutes. Uh, uh, uh, Day Street. Day Street. That's about, uh, six minutes walk from the uni, maybe 10. That's right. Except for the driving to the house, but that was, um, that was me. Um, research into algorithm efficiency. That's right. No. Oh, yeah. Oh, there's only so much algorithm analysis you can take in a day. Um, oh, it's, I mean, it's an interesting topic, but it's one that perhaps wears thin during like conversation. Not in this particular one. That's right. Um, we, we have a supervisor, um, and I'm drawing a blank. Uh, Peter Ho. No, this is the first project under him. Uh, the project began about two weeks ago. Yeah, I mean, it's the same sort of stuff. It'll be nice to see results. The partner I'm working with suggested that it would be an interesting field, uh, something that needed development and asked if I'd help. I was looking for a project to do at the time. So yeah, that's sort of what, what started it all, which is why we can have coffee without talking about algorithm analysis. Um, yeah, we would have, I'm just trying to remember. Oh, we went to the, um, uh, little, uh, Asian food store behind the uni bar. Yeah. I had a coffee in the morning and trying to cut down on coffee. So no. Um, yeah, again, relatively painless. Just timed it so that, um, we would miss peak. Uh, that took about 45 minutes. Oh no. They took the bus home. No, that's exactly right. That's, that's how it had to be. Oh no. It's about a 15 minute to 20 minute detour depending on sort of how you drive and stuff, how much speeding you do. Yes. No, no, we're still friends. Um, to my recollection, just, uh, checked up on emails and then sort of evening based things, trying to think if it was anything of note. Um, uh, caught up on some TV shows as well. I can't remember what I watched, but I watched something because a large part of my time got taken away from my night. Uh, these ones, no. Um, I had a DVD giver lent to me by a friend. No. Um, we discussed on the phone the night before, the particular details. We knew we were going to be doing research at that time. Um, so when we called to confirm and figure it out, we decided to go for coffee. Uh, surprisingly not. No. Well, we, we sort of hid ourselves away, so not to be disturbed, but no, we didn't actually bump into anyone else. Any other other like known colleagues? No, there were other people, but um, nobody that I recognized or at least knew. In the morning? About $4. Yeah. Trying to cut down. Uh, cappuccino every time. Yeah. Can't have too much variance there. Yeah. Sometimes. Not in coffee. Um, never. Well, we went to Marrickville this time. Um, well, I had about 110. I answered about five of them. Yeah. It's, um, a problem I'm trying to deal with. Unfortunately not. Otherwise it'd be easy to deal. Yeah. That's sort of the, unfortunately, there's just too many things I'm meant to be doing. Um, so I get a lot of email out of that. No, it was, uh, um, I probably received, uh, the last time I checked was probably midday the day before. So it was between then and oh, about a day and a half. No, that would be a bit of a problem. There are no comments, no comment.