 I came into university at 9am. Yeah, I drove in, I recorded some traffic in the tunnel, I got in about 5 to 9, went to a lecture theatre for a subject I'm tutoring, sat through the lecture, spent the rest of the day in until about 5 o'clock in workshops for that subject or in one of the tutorial labs, and then after that caught up with some friends and had a barbecue, then I went home. About 4, 4.30, we met up, we didn't start cooking until about 6. We met at, we met sort of main walkway on campus between Red Centre and whatever's opposite Red Centre. Oh yeah, there were five of us for a while, then one person left, and then there were four. Tutoring for it, yes. Are there other tutors? Yeah, there's three other tutors. Reasonably well, they've been tutoring for a lot longer than I have, but I'm slowly learning the ropes from them. No. No, also some workshops with the lecturer in charge and the other tutors to organise for the rest of the summer semester, what the subject's going to be doing. No, we didn't get onto that. Well, Tuesday was the first day. To get in then, as far as I remember, I set my alarm for about 7, maybe quarter to. No, not normally, because I normally avoid 9am, like it's a cursed time. I wouldn't call myself that. I headed home. Yeah, it was an easy drive. It took about 35, 40 minutes. Well, on a neurological level probably, but in terms of like conscious things, no, I just went to sleep. Possibly email, but none that I can recall. I check my phone roughly every 30 to 40 seconds for an email, so the odds of me not checking it are kind of low. No, nothing too memorable. A lot of spam. Not particularly. It was, I mean, interesting to see everyone else's perspectives, but nothing too memorable. No, I caught up with some other friends for like a few different groups. It's weird to see them here in summer. Yeah, that's actually a fair point. Just I wish they would relax the parking a little bit. It's kind of a pain. Yesterday, not a huge amount. Went to the shops to help a friend pick out a bike. Not entirely sure why I was there. I think it was more of a catch-up rather than actual my consulting on a bike purchase. Something I don't own one and haven't for a few years. Yeah, we went to the East Gardens shopping center. We got in at about 12. Went to a few different places. Didn't find anything that we like. Got some coffee and then parted ways probably about 4 o'clock. I did. A friend from a while ago, haven't seen him in about a year, works at the Vodafone store in East Gardens. His name is Ray and we drive. No, actually I met my friend there and then dropped them at a station when we parted ways. I wouldn't say that. No. Yeah, no, public transport. Sort of the devil. Yeah, it gives a lot more freedom. No, woke up reasonably late, almost characteristically. Had a light breakfast and then went straight through to eat. No comment. Great.