 Yesterday, I got up at 8.30, I went to the gym for an hour with a personal trainer. Then I went to the beach with a couple of my friends and then booked in to have a tattoo done next week. That was pretty much my day yesterday. Well, in the evening, yes, I went and had dinner with my family and then watched a couple of movies with my housemate. I can't remember, isn't that bad? Actually, no, it's very sad. We were watching the Twilight movies because we're going to see the new Twilight movie next week. I'd say about 11.30. No, I didn't actually. It was pretty quiet. Sometimes I get up at 7.30, but if I have no other plans, then 8.30 is about normal. I work from home, so it's very convenient. I'm pretty much an all-day person, actually. I'm pretty happy most of the time. I drive. It's about 20 minutes away from where I live. I pretty much take the same road every day that I go to the gym. It's right through the middle of Campbelltown, so not too much traffic. It usually takes about 20 minutes. After that, I got stuck in traffic going to the city, which took me nearly an hour and a half to get to the city. Quite regular? Yes, I often drive into the city to meet with my customers. I try to avoid traffic periods by making meetings from 11 o'clock onward. There are still accidents, roadworks, or people rubbernecking from accidents on the other side of the road. You just can't control the traffic, really. About three years now? Yes, pretty much every day. I see the trainer twice a week, and then go myself the rest of the week. He's always saying to me that I need to watch my diet, because it's not exercise, it's more what you eat. Which is annoying, because I like food. Not really. We just soaked up some sun, had a bit of a swim, and not much. Just a relaxing day. I'm usually the driver, so I picked up a couple of friends on the way in. They live closer to me. It's about 40 minutes drive into the beach. Same beach? Yes, we pretty much go to the same beach all the time. I've got a lot of friends that live around that area, so it ends up being the whole gang down there by the end of the day. Followed by a couple of beers at the pub. Did you miss yesterday? No, we didn't yesterday. We were in a rush to get home to do certain things. I had dinner with my family, so how did I get to that? Just drove. Just drove my car. My family live about five minutes away from me, so it's very close. We all live in the same suburb. Do you walk there sometimes? Yeah, if it's not too hot and I'm not too lazy. Do you go out for dinner? No, just at Mum and Dad's. Mum cooks. I try and go to dinner at Mum and Dad's once or twice a week. It's cheaper and easier. I work full time and I'm at uni usually three or four nights a week, so it's good just to go to someone's house and have a meal already cooked for me. Do you enjoy watching the Harry Potter movies? You mean Twilight? Twilight movies? Yes, I'm a sucker for Twilight. Very sad. I don't know what it is about vampires, but most of my friends are the same. We all seem to like these vampire movies. What did I do on Monday? I was in Canberra for business actually on Monday. So, drove down there first thing in the morning. Had a couple of meetings with my customers. Took out one of my good friends for lunch. A couple more meetings in the afternoon. And then of course our tradition of hitting the realm for a couple of wines, which usually turns into an all-nighter, followed by moose heads at three or four in the morning. That's what I have. Pretty much, yes. And then I had to get up on Tuesday and have another meeting, and then drive home. So, it's a tradition in Canberra. Usually once a month, but in November I'm actually down there three times in three weeks. So, it's going to be a crazy month for me. Do you drive any of your work? Not to go down with me. The people I see in Canberra live down there. So, yeah, it's just myself on the long drive. But I catch up with a lot of friends and clients while I'm down there. So, I'm actually going down again on Friday to see one of my customers, who's also one of my friends. It's her birthday. So, I imagine another big night in Canberra. Really? I don't know why, because Canberra's nothing like Sydney, but I seem to have more fun and bigger nights in Canberra than I do in Sydney. Might just be the company. Might be the certain people I'm hanging out with. They are younger, so maybe they bring out the child in me still. Where do you drive, Mary? Yeah, same way. The good old Hume Highway. Not to Canberra, no. I think I'd die of boredom. If I did, it would probably be a flight, but it's just pointless, because then you need to hire a car so you can drive from meeting to meeting. So, much easier to drive down. Plus, it's only two hours, really, from my house. So, it's not that far. It's only like driving to the city in traffic, really. So, yes. Do they have the same regular people down there? Yeah, same customers and same friends all the time. Are your friends in Sydney? Actually, yes, most of them do. They come up and visit in Sydney as well. And one of my friends down there comes on a regular trip to Bali with myself and some of my Sydney friends. So, yes, we're heading back to Bali again at Boxing Day for another trip. Yes. We'll go through these. No comment. No comment. What's your favourite? No comment. No comment. Your favourite? No comment.ise public? No comment. A friend app? No comment. Where were your friends? No comment. No comment. Do you live in Sydney? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. What? No comment. Your favourite? No comment. No comment. You haven't go back.. No comment. Had a bingu? No comment. Oyneyiny? No Comment. It can't be. No comment. Your favourite? No comment.