 It's going to be hard. Okay, Monday. I've had a day off from work. I had from last week to today, I went back to work. So I would have got up, brushed my teeth and had a coffee. Then I would have hopped in the car. I got ready, hopped in the car to go to the gym. I actually go to the gymnasium down here. And I would have spent about just over an hour there. After that, from what I can remember, I would have just gone home and started probably doing some housework and different things around the place. I may have gone out for, you know, shopping, just for, you know, odd bits and would have cooked. I can't remember what I would have cooked. Then after that, probably would have watched the movie and just gone to bed. It's hard to remember two days ago. I would have had a shower and then got to bed. Something on TV. It would have been on TV. Yeah. I'm just trying to think which day, there was one day I went to the movies. That was the weekend though. No, no. It would have been something just on telly. Yeah, may have. Because I went shopping yesterday, that's for sure. But the day before, I can't quite recall. Yeah. It would have been just for groceries, just, you know, bits and pieces. But I can't recall 100% if I did. No. I'll just make my own coffee first thing in the morning. Yeah. The gym would have been around about nine. There's people that you recognize, but I don't really know them. I just sort of go there and focus on doing what I have to do. And there's usually a couple of people. There's one or two people I say hello to. But that's about it really. Well that would be regular if I, when I'm not at work, if I've got a day off. Yeah. Otherwise it would be in the evening. Car. By car, I drove there. About 20 minutes. Sometimes half an hour if there's terrible traffic. Yeah. Okay. Well I just go from, from home and then I go through Alexandria and then from Alexandria it becomes Rosebury and you go through Kensington. And before you know it, you're, you're in Kensington. It sounds short, but it takes a long time. Oh yeah. Yeah. Every light catches me. Usually. Yeah. Always. No. The same route back. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, sometimes I do change it. There's a, cause I try to, there's a set of lights and if there's a lot of traffic there and they're red, there's a street beforehand and I usually turn into that street and then turn left further down and meet up at the set of lights and back onto the usual track that I, that I go, that I go on. Yeah. There was a bad accident actually. I think it might've been, I think that was yesterday though. Yeah. Same sort of thing, but yesterday I also spent, and my daughter was home, so after the gym she said to me, you know, let's go shopping. Cause because we're going to Fiji, I've got to get a new costume, you know, all these things and she needed a few things. So I prepared some, some dinner and I said, oh, let's go now. So we went to Burwood, just Westfields. Yeah. DJs there, tried on a whole, you know, a lot of things, picked something we like. I haven't bought it there. Didn't buy it yet. And then we went out to the Orerton shop and they had a really, she wanted a nice towel. So I bought her the towel. And then after that we just went back home together and her boyfriend came over and he spent a bit of time with her. Then they, then they went to work and my other daughter came back and we just talked about her holiday cause she's going, she's going on a seven week trip leaving next Tuesday. So that should be nice. She's going to London, Paris, Berlin, Prague, America, New York, and I think just New York in the States. Yeah. And then back home. That was pretty much it. Um, it was about, I think we left home after 12. Say about, just about one-ish or just before one. No. Mmm. I can't remember. I think I ate when I got back actually. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. To, um, like there's DJs and, um, in DJs we went on a few levels, different levels, having a look at some, you know, some items and, but mainly in the swimwear and, um, and then we went just to, um, there was another shop as well. What was it called? Witchery. I didn't like that shop. Didn't like anything in there. And then we went to Orerton, but they're very pricey there. Oh no, we, we went together. She was at home. Yeah. She was at home. So we left together. Ah, it was about two, before two o'clock. We didn't take that long. It was about, about an hour or less than an hour all up. Yes. He came over later. Hmm. I'd say about three-ish, maybe just before three. And um, they just, they chilled. Um, they watched Seinfeld. That's a DVD we've got, like the whole collection of Seinfeld. And they were just, you know, laughing and carrying on. And we were doing our own thing. So yeah. Oh, she got, um, it was after four. Oh, and another lady, a friend came over as well. One of the neighbours came over and I made coffee for her and we had some biscuits. I'm getting hungry now. And she's really sweet. Ah, well, I had to get something from her. I'm helping her out a little bit and she just came to give me some documentation. And um, yep, that was that. Um, that was around about, she came before my daughter. So maybe three-thirties. Yes, they did overlap because my daughter, my daughter came in and she said to her, I've just got to drop some things off because she went shopping as well. And then she came in and they all said hello to her. And um, no, not yesterday. No, because we went out, I went out from the morning and then the middle of the day and didn't go out in the evening. No. Yeah. Okay. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. comment.