 Hi there, how are you going? Try again? Yeah, it's great, it's fantastic, look at it, it's my voice. Okay. So yesterday was Tuesday, so I got up in the morning, brushed my teeth, had a cup of coffee. I think I put some clothes on for the wash, the mouth, you know, hung the mouth. Then I got ready and went to work. I arrived at work probably around about 7.30, 7.20 to 7.30 and just started to go through motions for work, just preparing some stuff. And then we sort of open up for business and just did different work throughout the day, interviewed customers, spoke to the manager, did a bit of, I think we did some reading, reading up on a few things. Went to morning tea break, went to lunch, did all of those things. Usually I like to go out, get out of the office, go for a walk and maybe just go to the plaza there, just have a look around, ski back around. Then go back to work and continue working. Straight after work, I'm trying to remember, oh yes, after work I drove up to the university and I met up with one of my friends and she helped me go through just the, what I, you know, subjects and timetabling for next year and we were chatting and stuff. So I think we were here for about two hours and after that, drove back home and cooked a meal for the family and just caught up with everyone. You know, had a few visitors come in, which I always do, house is an open house. And then had a shower, got ready for bed and went to bed. That was pretty much my day, yeah. About, I think it was about 5.30, 6ish, yeah, I do. Quite regularly, yeah. I have to for work. So because today we had something, I'm not working today, so I woke up 6.30, which was a bit of a sleep in, which was nice. What time do you usually get up? Yeah, yeah, your body gets into a clock, doesn't it? Becomes habit. Drove, about 15 minutes. In certain parts there is, and in certain parts it's, you breeze through. But yesterday, when I was in the afternoon after work, I encountered every traffic light stop me. I caught red. Yeah, sometimes. Yeah, when you're in a hurry. When you're in a hurry, yeah. Yeah, so I drove this car, we're gonna get rid of it. So as soon as the registration's up, gonna get rid of it, because it's a bit of a heavy old car. So it doesn't go up hills very well. Yeah. Yes, yes, I've got a specific route. I used to drive a different route, years, you know, a couple years back. But then I found a way to get there, probably five minutes early. So, oh, all the time, all the time. Did you speak any language yesterday? Oh, yesterday, because I speak another language, so I also interpret. So I interviewed an older man, he was an aged pensioner, and he spoke Greek. So I had to help him out with some information that he needed. Yeah, and his nephew was with him as well, and they asked me to make a phone call. He wanted to get a job in the mining industry, because we also work with employing people. And I rang this number, and I think they were just big con, total con place, because before they would give information, they wanted money. So I hung up the phone, and I said to him, you know, this is what they want. They want this amount of money. And the gentleman said, forget it. He felt that it was not a proper place, not a proper organisation. So, but he's very sweet, but he was very angry at the same time. Not with me, with the situation. Yeah. No, just a few words, Fred. Yeah. Usually you go into, when I go for my walk, it's on my own, and then when I come back, there's maybe five people in the room, and you just, you know, it's like a common area. And so you have your meal with everyone, really. I know it changes all the time. Yeah, it changes because it depends who's there, because we can't all go out to lunch together. We've got limited staff. So, you know, I'll say to my friend, let's go out for lunch, but we can't. So that's why it changes who you have lunch with. How long did you wait? I drove, I drove to uni. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I drove, yeah. Did you drive? Not too easy this morning. There was a lot of traffic, and it was really hard to get a path, very, very hard. And I've parked in this hill, it's at an incline, so I hope the car hasn't rolled back. Yeah. Said you had a lot of... Yes, yeah. It's different. Yeah, sometimes it's different people, but last night we had just one of the neighbouring boys comes over. He needed some help, because my daughter helps him with his studies, and she doesn't really tutor him, because she doesn't take money. So he just comes and she'll read through his papers and give him advice. And then later we had my younger daughter and her boyfriend came over. We just had a deep and meaningful. Yeah, he's a really nice, nice young man. So stayed up a little bit later than I normally do. What do you watch? Very minimal, I can't even remember what I watch. Lately I've been watching that planet called the Ice Planet or something like that. It's, yeah, it's very interesting. And they talk about Antarctica and the Arctic and the, you know, the different animals. Say in spring when the snow goes back, you see all the penguins come in and they're just, they're magnificent. Yeah. And the whales and how much food there is at certain times of the year. And they had a particular bird from Australia migrate to Greenland for food. And they watch, they follow the whales. And so they'll go under and fish. And there's a lot of food at that time of year before they migrate back to Australia, of course. Yeah. Going back a little bit, I am too. Yes, yes, he's one of my favourite customers. I have, I've only sort of, there's about five customers that come and visit me for my help. One of them I dislike, I don't trust because he asks me specific questions about other people and I keep telling him I can't give him any information and that if anyone needs any information, they need to, you know, come on their own. But he just doesn't get it, he keeps trying. And I just have this gut feeling I don't really like what he's there for. But this gentleman that I had yesterday is my favourite. And I told him that and he goes, oh, you're one in a million. You know, how they talk, yeah. Great, so we'll just do these. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. To cycle. No comment. What time did you end? No comment. How many keys do you have in your key ring? No comment. What's your... No comment. Who is your favourite author? No comment, no comment, no comment. Where did you... No comment. Necklace? No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, is Brisbane... No comment. GACT? No comment. What's your...