 Okay, all right remembering back when so Woke up would have brushed my bathroom done all that then Make coffee have my coffee Usually I get a chance to talk with my husband for a little while and after that Hop in the car and go to work and would have to work the whole of Wednesday, you know ducked out for for lunch I usually just go to the plaza sometimes shopping then come back I see lots of people throughout the day assess claims, you know stuff then on Wednesday after work I hopped in the car and I came to the uni. I won the gym Pilates class hang on after work. I went past my mom's think yeah, I went past my mom's She gave me some dinner and then went home dropped that off and then went to gym Then as I was going home, I rang my husband because we've been mixing up property We've got around here and I wanted to just go and see it So he told me where the key was and I just went in had a look around It looked really lovely clean all the gardens and because it was a really a big mess after tenants moved out so it was really nice see that and the house When initially it's you know how they have the smell of dampness. So it's all that smells gone So it's really it's really lovely then I went home and had some dinner I would have had a shower and then just chilled out. We watch something on TV. I can't recall what it was exactly It's probably my day Wednesday. Yeah at work. Sorry. We had a Christmas lunch that day so it wasn't going out to the would have just stayed in and they had a sick Santa as well I didn't go to the plaza. No. No, it was a stay. We we had our Christmas lunch Wednesday Um, no, we paid money. So we just paid money and I bought a gift for someone and how we have the secret Santa That was also the student student team So there would have been quite a lot that would have been probably about about at least 30 people in their team and then another Ten in hours about 40 people. Yeah, and we share the tea room as well. We're all in one level It's it's massive, but it's divided So you have the front area and then there's an area where it's like a processing center and I will the area I'll from the front of the office. Well, there's a huge area where people to sit and wait probably one two, three Not everyone. No. No, I go in very early There's usually just one guy there and then another staff member start like we start before opening hours And we just do a bit of work work and then open up eight eight five There's by eight o'clock. There's at least three of us with me including me usually here and you have people that work back work People start early so you have to have allocated people little. Oh most people start say from about 830 I start seeing people come in and quarter to eight There's another lot and then about not by nine everyone should be in in the morning Maybe I don't know a lot. I don't know Say I'll say you know from eight to what eight to nine. I probably saw about 20. Hmm oh, well, you have to sort of Do a quick interview and then you they wait and then you'll this that's that's how they want us to do the business every day There's different protocols. But at the moment everyone that walks in has to be logged in so they know the How many people come in a scene how many people walk into the office that day? So you have to log them in and then you see the properly Um, not many these days that we do ask if people are long-term on payments But you do get to see them or they're people that are a bit lost, you know, they need more help more instance So you'll see them more frequent, but nowadays you don't get that as much. Hmm. I'd say 80% Not not everyone from my team. Yes, but not from the back team. We just sort of say hello It was between 12 and 2 and really not really that was a nice lunch I'll tell you what we had for lunch. There was some beautiful salad. So there was this Asian style salad with a one box Cabbage and noodles and pine nuts and a dressing that was really nice that one and they had some pasta salad and some just you know, normal lettuce salad and some chicken and rolls and then fruit and Pavlova the little pep peps and brandy snap. I think my mum made dinner that day didn't she? I went past mum No, I made a mistake. Remember it was I thought I went straight to uni But I went to mum because she said come by pick something up and then you can go on your way No, that was after the gym Probably around about 7 20 some people might have seen me but no no, no, it's empty. Oh, well out I think they left probably since the 9th Semba. It's been at just about a week and then I got home Probably stayed there for 10 minutes 20 minutes say about quarter past 8 by the time I got home. That was a nice nah Nah, nah when stays to fall back for a little intricate to you what Iike? No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment