 yesterday. What did I do yesterday? I did not very much because I've just moved house. So basically after getting up and getting dressed I continued to sort out boxes and yeah I managed to get some stuff back into boxes and some stuff that was in boxes is on shelves and some stuff that was in boxes is now in different boxes. I'm afraid yesterday was not the most exciting of days. I did not even leave my flat. I ended up getting up about 11 I think. Yeah it varies a little bit. For medical reasons I actually end up going to sleep about two o'clock so it's not it's not that it's not that lazy but it feels it sometimes. Take a guess. No I don't. Never have been. No I don't do mornings. I did have one at about 10 o'clock from my mum and I stayed in bed reading after it. No she and dad were heading out for the day and she asked if I was wanted to come with them and I said no I had boxes to sort out. I have found a couple of interesting things. I managed this morning I've got some marking to do and I managed today to find the crib sheets the answer sheets for it. I did not find any a pack of cards which I would have liked to have had found various other games and things. A few days ago I managed to find my jeans which had been hiding at the bottom of a box I didn't realise for far too long. They were important because they also had the only belt that fits me at the moment. I don't even have a television. I spent too long in England where you've got to pay what is it $200 or more for a TV licence. So I have plenty of ways of wasting time without. I did listen to the radio. My radio is permanently on Classic FM and Sunday afternoons one o'clock they've had a series called Illegal Harmony which is actually a history of music over the 20th century and I've caught little bits of it up till now but I actually managed to listen to the full program yesterday. That was good and interesting. A Hungarian composer called Ligeti wrote a piece called Something Rock, Hungarian rock, gypsy rock maybe for harpsichord. You kind of don't expect people to write for it these days. To bed I was in bed actually about a clock well between 12 and half past I think but I had some stuff to do so I sort of stopped doing things at two o'clock and then I read and the next thing I knew it was 20 past three. So I turned my light out then and fell asleep. Not that much, no. Where I've just moved to is fairly quiet. I was living around the corner from King's Cross so there are some interesting noises there. It was fine until we got some new neighbours earlier this year. They have a tendency to start partying at midnight. No, lots of other things involved. Saturday, Saturday. Oh yeah that was interesting. We went, morning afternoon was just sorting boxes still. In the evening I caught up with my family and we went out to dinner. My sister was actually comparing the night. We had some good food and good company and chatted for a while with various people. The car we use is mum's car but somehow I seem to end up with it more often than she has. She does get the pensioners excursion tickets, I don't yet. It's cheaper for her to use public transport. But yeah, I got to their place, picked them up and we drove to the dinner. Then we ended up fitting all five of us into the car on the way home and we dropped mum and dad off at the train station so there'd be more room in the car for us. No, it was quite clear. We were far enough out of the city, I was sort of skirting around the city rather than driving through it. Quite how much traffic there was driving back to King's Cross, I don't know. Yeah, five of us. My parents, my sister, her partner. It was a big event but our group was five. Yeah, it's my sister's in the group thing. I mean she was comparing it so she kind of knows a lot of them. I saw a couple of people I know from that group, not many. No, would you believe I actually fell asleep for a little bit. We had the food and I was a little bit tired and I sat on one of the chairs against the wall and calmly fell asleep for a few minutes. There were two people there dressed really interestingly, sort of ball gown type outfit, quite nice. The guy was in this very weird pink fishnet top, pink bovver boot type things. Very, very bizarre outfit. Well, depends what you mean by get away with it. It was weird. Well, I have been to the Rocky Horror Show in costume once. Can't say I do it often, no. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, you