 Hello, how you doing? Longest word in the Trojan language is agamate, alright? A couple of days. Wednesday, Wednesday, what did I do on Wednesday? Well, yeah, on Wednesday. Got up, got dressed, drove. Yes, I did drive back to mum and dad's. Went with them to meet friends up from Melbourne and wandered out to lunch and to the art gallery. Saw the Picasso exhibition, which was very good. I tend to spend more time in art galleries than other people I know. So I was the last one through, the others had all gone. The friends left, they were tired from travelling. Mum and dad waited for me. We walked home together through the rain. We went to the theatre. We saw the Belvoir Theatre production of As You Like It, which was very, very well done. And we reckon one of the actors, the girl playing Celia, was the same one we'd seen play Bubba in Summer of the 17th Doll, which was really interesting. It was a rather strange production, very, very spare set. In fact, non-existent set for most of it. I don't know if you know the play. It starts off sort of in court type setting, which they did up on the stairs in the audience, shouting at each other across the audience. Well, it's Shakespeare. Two of the people fall in love at first sight. And one of them actually sort of walked through, along one of the, actually walked through the audience to get to the meeting and say something, and then walked back sort of past everyone's knees. Very, very good. If you like the theatre, Wellworth went home. No, it was going on 11 o'clock by then. Friends were tired, everyone. Most people have to get up in the morning. They all headed home together because I was going in 10 minutes, 15 minutes maybe. It wasn't that long after all. I could have shortened the wait by heading down to Eddy Avenue because there are three or four buses which go along Eddy Avenue, one of which turns up Elizabeth Street, where I was waiting. I just waited. It didn't take too long. Nope, only me. Nah, a fair few cars driving around as there always are in the CBD. Unlike last night when I had to wait half an hour, two buses just went past without picking anyone up because they were too full. Not impressed. 11 o'clock, 11 o'clock. About 11 o'clock on Wednesday. Yeah. Going on 10.30, 20 to 11 actually. Oh, hang on, hang on, hang on. That doesn't work, does it? It must have been half past 11 that I got home because the play was two and a half hours. Drove the night before. Dad let me have the car to take some stuff and I came back with it. Former teaching college colleagues of my dad. The law courts. Yeah, there's the, I can't remember what it's called, but there's a little cafeteria thing up on the 14th floor. Very, very nice view. It's actually not bad. For lunch, especially if you're used to uni price, bit expensive, but it's actually comparable to lunch at other places and you get the view as well. The one at the Domain, the art gallery in New South Wales. I didn't even know that. Oh, all right. No, the state one. Walked. Two o'clock we got there. They were just sort of asking, they'd just set up the queue for the two o'clock admission. We had general tickets, so we walked straight in. I have no idea because I didn't check the time. I could take out my phone and find out when I've made the phone call to say I'd finished through the exhibition. I was probably at least an hour in the exhibition myself. Was that 3.30? I think it was 3.30, yeah. So I reckon I was an hour in the exhibition, half an hour walk. Thai takeaway. Local place, round the corner. Several times. Very, very good. We think, I think so, yeah. They don't say, oh, hi, how are you going? It's you again. But I'm fairly sure they know we're there a fair few times. Six was it in the end. Mum and Dad, them and them, me and Elizabeth, yes. No, we were coming from different places. So Mum and Dad and I took the bus. Elizabeth walked from her work, walked from her work. Try saying that with a, 10 times fast. Yeah, we did get stuck in traffic on Oxford Street. It was annoying. No comment. Yeah. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment.