 I assume you want a little bit of variation in how we say no comment. Wednesday was a later morning, but it was okay. Was at my mum and dad's place rather than home at night. So I kind of got up and, well I let them do their getting up and things before getting up myself and having breakfast. Had a sort of meal around. Had a little bit of interest happening because there's a tree from the neighbours was encroaching so we had some tree people come and took it up on Wednesday. I left before they actually started but I saw them discussing what they were going to be doing. And yeah, then I actually caught the bus home and had a bit of lunch and spent the rest of the afternoon working really. No, no I didn't. Child mind on Wednesday. I've been doing it on Mondays lately but changed to Wednesday again this week. So after getting home and having lunch I went and played with the kids for the evening. Good fun. No, because by the time the kids were in bed and the mum was home and I chatted with the mum and cycled home it was after midnight. Fortunately I managed to leave in a gap in the downpour. So I didn't, yes, the mum did say I hope you don't get too wet on the drive home. It had been pouring at times. 20 minutes I think because it's uphill and into the wind. Why is it whenever you cycle you're always going into the wind? You can turn around 180 degrees you're still going into the wind. But yeah I was thinking, she said I hope you don't get too wet on the drive home. I was thinking I got just wet enough. Unlike, yeah, no problems. The previous week, the previous time I'd done that I did have someone drive past and say get a car. But I can cope with that. Yes, that was quite a lot quicker because it was downhill. It was still into the wind but it was downhill. It does it deliberately I think. Got there about four. No, it was after midnight. I chatted for a while. Yeah, yeah. Been an ongoing thing for a while now. A few months. I don't know. Lunch time. Somewhere between midday and two o'clock I think. I fell asleep somewhere between midday and three o'clock as well. I could find out from my bus ticket. Didn't have to wait very long. The buses were fairly frequent then. Somewhere around, somewhere between 11 and 12. Can't remember exactly when. No. I was reading a book which my cousin wrote in fact and getting very bewildered by it. It's a, what do they call it, Bont des Inés they are in French. Comic book. I don't know much because it was my mum's place. She did all the arranging. They had a nice little green laser pointer to say we want to do, take a bit of that part of the tree. Get rid of that part of the tree. We need to make sure we don't touch that bit and things like that. They just got on with their own thing and I got on with mine. Had a bit of breakfast. Had a shower. Went home. Yesterday. Yesterday was fun. I did some tutoring yesterday. Maths tutor in what passes for my spare time. So yeah, had a nice kid. Been tutoring him for a while too. He seems to be making improvements. His teacher noticed a change. Yeah, school math. That was late afternoon, evening, 5.30. That's a regular gig work. I'm editing an anthology of worship material at the moment. I need to get things done for it by Monday to have an editorial discussion by myself with supervision of an editorial board of three people. No, I actually never met them before August. One of them I still have not met because of distance. Email, Skype. Skype is a wonderful thing nowadays. Most of the day. In the afternoon and again in the evening when I got home after dinner. Yeah, two buses. Buses back. No. I'm reading The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo now. I've seen in passing with various people reading over the past few years. Finally got my own copy. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.