 What I did yesterday? Got up, got ready, cup of coffee, shaved, had breakfast, the usual breakfast, just a bowl of muesli. Got away reasonably early in the morning, I think about 10 o'clock, and the train into the city to Town Hall, walked around to the office in Pitt Street, where I'm working as a volunteer, because I'm on the committee, and then spent about five hours dealing with paperwork there, including having some lunch. I had to go out to buy some lunch. It's across Bathurst Street to one of the arcades there, couple of sandwiches. So I shipped a lot of paper across the desk. And then back home, and we had dinner in the evening, eight of us all together, the two of us, plus Delta and partner, plus Andrew, plus daughter's friend, visiting from Canada. They actually were in Cambridge together, 15 plus years ago. And old friends of ours from near Geelong. We had actually been to the theater within the previous night, and they were in Sydney for two nights. So they came round, and the four of us went for a walk round to a nearby restaurant, just to have a cup of coffee and a bit of apple strudel. It was Maggie's restaurant, around by the post office. And that gave Elizabeth and Marianne time to finish working on the meal. And then by the time we got back, Andrew had arrived, and Rob had arrived. And so this meal, very good evening, lots of yakety yakety yak, lots of talk. And then Marianne was staying with us last night. The others, I took up to Maclay Street so they could get a taxi back to where they're staying, down on Wentworth Avenue. And Andrew went home. That was about it for the day. Fell into bed. Walked. It's a very easy walk from our place, just up to King Cross Station, a few minutes. I usually go the back route. We can walk along Victoria Street, and that's quite pleasant, but I find that more of an uphill climb to the station than going straight along, and then down a little bit at the end. Big difference, but it probably saves half a minute. And at King's Cross Station, it's actually pretty easy because trains are frequent and pretty regular. So even if you just missed one, you've only got to wait maybe eight minutes for the next one into Town Hall. No, down onto the platform and had to wait about one minute. And then it was, and it came. No, no. Just Martin Place and then Town Hall. Takes about six minutes. Started this year, having come back from Sheffield, from England, and a friend of mine in it, we met somewhere at the function, and he said, you're good at administration, aren't you? I said, I've been told that. And he said, well, I've got a job for you. So I was in there, not doing this particular stuff, but sorting filing cabinets that were overflowing with stuff on the top and so on. And I spent several days just sorting through all of that, throwing out a lot of junk and reorganising what was left. Then he said, now. So I got co-opted onto the committee and that's fine. Gives me something to do. I like the people I'm there with, all volunteers. Most like me are retired, so happy to have something to do. That was good. And then today I'm going off to have lunch with an old friend. We worked together 25 years ago here. And then when I was in England, he actually came over and stayed with me for a while while he was doing some university research up and down the country. And so we've kept in touch over the years. One, two, three from a different organisation but sharing the same office space. And then there were three of us, half of us and all together in and out. Oh yeah, yeah. I've met them all. Most of us just sit down and get on with our work and there's a very little conversation most of the time because Simon's at his computer and Ian's at his desk and Colin's at his desk on the phone. And so I'm shuffling my bits of paper, but it's very amenable. No, I just went out when I was ready and over the road, arcade, bought my sandwiches and went back. No, except for the fellow who's sitting on the corner begging, wrapping himself up in a blanket. And he's been there the last few times I've been there. So I suspect that that's his regular pitch. Well, I've worked with a couple of organisations for homeless people in the past. I'm a bit cynical about some of the beggars in the city centre, especially when they just sit there for the entire day. I think, why don't they go somewhere like the Wayside Chapel or whatever and actually do something? So I'm afraid I don't throw money at them, but I will always buy a big issue. Andrew also does that. So I figure their people are actually doing something to help themselves. Sponging was the train. And again, from there, from Town Hall, it's only a couple of minutes, probably three minutes yesterday. So it's very easy. Last night, no, they came to the house, yakety yakety yak. And then we thought, okay, we'll get out of the way like while Mary-Anne and Elizabeth finished preparing the meal. So we just walked round up to Maggie's, which is at the top of the street, across Maclay Street round. We had the coffee. We've eaten meals there several times, but we never had dessert. And the waiters, several times, have tried to persuade us to have dessert. And I've said, no, no, we'll have it some other time. So I said, last night we're having dessert, but no meal. So Ted and I had the apples. Well, I had the apple strudel. He had the special cherry and cheese strudel. No, no, no, Ted and I were at Teachers College together in Adelaide, starting together 50 years ago next year. So we have known each other a long time. And then we actually taught at the same school for a few years. And his wife went to school with my youngest brother. And then we stayed with them just a few weeks ago on our way back from the Grampians holiday. So caught up with, well, Ted was away that night, but we had dinner with Euro. Right, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No commento. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. it.