 I'm trying to think, the morning, from memory I did quite a bit of housework, like vacuum cleaning and some ironing and washing dishes. And then spent quite a bit of time reading newspapers. I had a bit of free time yesterday morning, so I was catching up with the newspapers and sorting out what could go in the recycling bin and sifting through what was left. And then we got ready because we were going out for the afternoon in between it all. I had breakfast and coffee and that sort of thing. And we got ready and we left the house just after midday and drove to the friend's place on the north side. Crossing over the harbour, there were signs down at Woolloomooloo that there was an incident or delays on the bridge. So we went through the tunnel and we had one problem where we got to a lane, cove area that we took the wrong turn. We were a bit bushed for a while and then we eventually worked out where we were and where we needed to be and got there and that was fine. Most people were already there. Other people arrived after us. Then it was a birthday party for an old friend. Sat outside most of the time, although the house itself was air-conditioned. And they'd originally planned to have the party, the meal, down at the park. But then somebody had heard a weather forecast it was going to rain so they thought, well, they'd play safe and have it at the house because it's quite a big area outside with a cupboard veranda and so on. The house itself has a big entertaining area. I suppose there were about 25 people altogether. Barbecue meal with some salads and then a range of desserts and yakety yakety yakety yak catching up with people. Some of them I had not seen for 10 or 15 years. One I think the last time I saw him he was a schoolboy and now he's in his late 30s. So catching up with them. And of course they're also by that stage grandchildren that I'd never seen before. It was a good day. We were pretty weary when we got home so we kind of collapsed on the bed for a couple of hours. And then later in the evening we spent a bit of time working on the IKEA furniture in the bedroom. Just had to finish putting a shelf into that. Most of it was done. But it's always a bit of a hassle. So that was about it really for yesterday. Used not to be because I was usually working on a Sunday morning and needed to get ready and get organised. And now that I'm no longer working on Sundays it's actually pleasant. I'd sometimes go somewhere on Sunday that means I need to be out of the house by 9.30 ish. But yesterday was a bit unusual that I wasn't going anywhere until the middle of the day. I do like the opportunity to catch up with reading the paper. A friend of mine said he's well retired now and he said his daughter gave him as a Christmas present a year's subscription to the Sydney Morning Herald. So he gets it every day. His comment was he's all read out. There's so much to read. And of course with the Herald particularly on a Saturday it's got all the supplements as well. There's the drive and the real estate and the Good Weekend magazines and so on. And when I pick the paper up it's a wad of stuff. You almost need a bag to carry it home. Most of which goes straight in the recycling. I think it would be so much easier and so much less wasteful if you'd pick which sections you want. They had laid out at the newsagent and you could say I'll have that one and that one and not all the rest. But I suppose the advertisers wouldn't be happy with that. But at least I kind of console myself that it goes in the recycling bin so it's not just dumped in landfill. But when you think of the number of issues of the number of copies that are printed of every issue and the amount of paper that's used it's got to be pretty wasteful. But I tend to do more of it on Saturday. And I had done some on Saturday but I had a meeting to go to. And I get to do things like the vacuum cleaning and the dishwashing most of the time. It's fun. No, no we never found out. Actually approaching where you can take either the tunnel or the bridge the traffic on the tunnel lanes was heavy and there were a few cars sailing through up onto the bridge lane. But then just as we got to the bottom we could see that the cars were stopped going onto the bridge. But that was all. We didn't see anything and we didn't hear anything later on the news or anything like that. So whether it had been a broken down vehicle or a crash or what I had no idea. And once the traffic in the tunnel lanes had filtered into the two lanes it was moving quite quickly. It was just a bit slow getting into it because it's coming in from three or four different lanes narrowing down the usual bottleneck tunnel. No. Only the fact that we took a wrong turning when we were getting fairly close. And I'd never been to the house before so I wasn't too sure. We found it all right. We weren't running late or anything like that. It was just a bit frustrating when you think you know where you're going and nope. Where are we? I'm not quite sure. About 25. Not all of them. No. I knew most of the people of my generation. There are a couple of other friends from different aspects of her life that I'd not met before. But only a couple of them. And then there were some the grandchildren. Four year olds that I've obviously never met. So yeah it was good. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No. Not comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. comment, don't comment.