 Wednesday? That was a long time ago. Er, I was planning to go out, but we ended up having the tree surgeon come. It was a bit of a hoo-ha in the morning, which finally got resolved, and I ended up staying in for the day. The tree surgeon came early afternoon, because there's a big tree in the backyard, with branches overhanging our property, and leaves and gutters damaging to the roof. That was a bit of a hoo-ha. We finally got in touch with the council, and were told that we had to have permission, so we'd gone through the whole process of applying for approval. The inspector had come out and sorted out what we could do and what we couldn't do, and what we had to tell the neighbours, and all the rest of it. The agent for the property next door said, we don't need approval, we'll just do it. We weren't happy with having someone come and just do it without council approval. So they came and did it, and we've now got much more clearance above our roof, and they cleared most of the leaves out of the gutter, and chopped it all down, and fed it through the chipping machine into the back of the truck. I didn't see much of what they were doing, because I was busy working in the front room, and thinking, oh, they must be getting on with it now, and they'd finished already. That was good. Now we had to try and get reimbursement from the owner or the agent of next door's property. Well, that might be a bit of a battle, but... And then in the evening, in the evening, Andrew... Yes, I was getting mixed up with last night. Andrew and Elizabeth and Rob were all out, so Anne and I were able to go out and have a meal with a neighbour of ours, who happened to be her wedding anniversary, and her husband was away working. Wednesday was also my youngest brother's birthday. He's in England, and so in the evening here, I rang him to sing happy birthday to him over the phone. Kind of long-standing family tradition of ours, you know, ring and sing raucously. Had a conversation with him, because it was morning for him there. And so, yeah, Anne and I went out with a neighbour for a meal. It's a local restaurant, and very pleasant, actually. And then we took Elizabeth's dog for a bit of a walk down the bottom of Potts Point, the park down there, and we were able to get in because the gates were still open, and the ranger was then coming around to lock up, so we just beat him out of the gate. Although you can get out if you're locked in, because it's a one-way turn style thing. And then quiet evening at home. Oh, no, we'd done that last week or the week before, and then it was a case of having got approval to negotiate with the tree surgeon. We had to get a couple of quotes and sort that out, and in the middle of it all, the estate agent was busy sending his workmen around, and we said, no, because you haven't got approval. And that was a pretty difficult phone call. That was happening on the Wednesday morning, but then the afternoon we had the job done. I've never dealt with him, because I've been away, but apparently he doesn't respond terribly quickly. He kind of says what you want to hear, and then that's about it. Yeah, well, daughter Elizabeth's opinion of estate agents is not very high. She worked for one for a little while, and she's supposed to continue working there. So, yeah, she wasn't very impressed. But, yeah, we'd put everything in writing, and so we're happy with our position. It's a two-story place, upstairs and downstairs. The downstairs people have been there way before. Well over a year, because they were there when I came. The downstairs people moved in more recently, and I'm not quite sure who they are or how many of them there are, because they're young people, and they seem to come and go at various hours of the day and night and have late parties and to talk very loudly and to play loud music at all funny hours, like, you know, two o'clock in the morning, not having a noisy conversation in their kitchen. And because they're terrace houses, it's all pretty close and it's pretty noisy. But I have no idea, you know, who they are, which ones actually live in the house and which ones are the visitors. He actually came in the morning to leave some of his equipment, and then he had another job to do, and then he came back very early afternoon. So they were all finished by about three o'clock. I think it was just after twelve. Yeah, as I say, they were done, you know, finished much more quickly than I'd expected. No, it was a case of going through yellow pages, or I think there was a leaflet in the area. We'd had another quote from a different tree surgeon, considerably higher, and when Anne contacted him to say that we weren't accepting his quote, we got another one which was much lower. He amended his quotation. He made the comment that he wasn't making much profit on that, which meant that he would have been making a substantial profit if we'd accepted his original quote. Again, we weren't entirely happy with that, but the one who did the job we were very pleased with. Nice people. Sometimes you get a feeling that, you know, something's shonky. But, you know, nice guys and very professional and a reasonable quote, and they were very efficient. We will keep their details, and if we ever need to use them again, we will use them again. No, no, no. It's actually a former colleague of Anne. They taught together for several years, and they lived down on Victoria Street, just, you know, minutes walk away. So we occasionally go out with her and her husband, and we just said, well, you know, we're by ourselves. We'll give them a call and see if they want to go out. And she said, well, I'm by myself, and it's my wedding anniversary. So we said, okay. Great. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment comment, no comment, no comment, comment, No comment.