 Okay, I got up at about 8 o'clock and I had some breakfast. Then I spoke to a friend of mine on the phone and then I went to the shopping centre to buy a gift for a friend's birthday. Then I went back home and then left and went to the beach. I was at the beach for maybe three hours. Then I drove home again, showered and then went to a friend's house. From there we went to a bar and then I went home at around 12.30, 1am. Around 9.30, not long, about 10 minutes. No, it was to arrange the beach. I drove with my mother. She drove her car. Five minute drive? No, it's about a half an hour walk. No, went to three shops. About three shops. Well, if you include Baker's Delight, then it was four. Oh, actually no, five. It was five, including the groceries. Maya, Big W and Tree of Life. No, maybe once a fortnight or maybe once a week. Yeah, I guess so. Not every day. I drove my car. No, got a park straight away. Two from school. One from primary school, one from high school. Very well. I went for two swims, I think. No, no food. Lay around. About six minutes. About a quarter past 12. I was actually there a bit later than that. I think I got home at about four, so it must have been a bit longer. Over three hours. A friend of mine picked me up. Five. This morning. No, the phone call was about the beach. No, so the friend that picked me up is a different friend who I had text messaged during the day. Maybe three? No, this was a friend who was also going. Went to her house first and then to a bar. Ocean Spa in Coogee. No, no. I've been there maybe twice. Not really because it was her birthday and she chose the venue. Quite a few. There were probably about maybe 15 of us there. Yeah, yeah. It varies. Some of them I've known for a long time. Some I don't know very well. Yeah, no, I got a lift. Five minutes. Not at one o'clock in the morning. Not in high heels. That's true. Yeah, so I wake up at around eight o'clock again. I spoke to, wait, I think I had breakfast. Then I spoke to a friend of mine on the phone for about an hour or something. Then I spoke to another friend more briefly, maybe for about five or ten minutes. Then I went and did the grocery shopping with my mum. Then came home. I had some lunch. Had a nap. Then I went and had coffee with a friend. Then I came home. Did some cooking. Then I, then what did I do? Had a shower and went to bed, I think. Yes, yes, the five minute one. No, just one hour. Another friend. They were there the night before as well. Yeah, no. Yeah, trying not to, but yeah, on a Sunday sometimes. It was at about two, maybe until about four. It was, yeah. I think it was about quarter to five or something like that. Yes, I did drive a car. No, just had to grab a thing for the day. Different shop. I cooked some muffins for work and I also made heat. About sixty or something, but I only brought twenty or something to work. Okay. No comment.