 Okay, I woke up at around seven I think and then I went back to sleep and I think I got up at about ten and then I had some breakfast, read the paper and then I went to Westfield in Bondi Junction and met my friend there and then we went shopping and did that for most of the day and then came home and did some cleaning. Yeah, didn't do much else. Dinner, oh yeah, I had spaghetti for dinner. Oh, I think actually I watched a movie. What did I watch? Oh, I watched the second half of Mona Lisa Smile on TV. Yep, that's about it. I think it was about quarter past eleven. Get up and go back in. Yeah, sometimes. Yeah, I do. I usually wake up early because I get up early for work so my body clock, yep. I met her at eleven thirty. Just under four hours because I had to move my car once. I drove and then, yes, no, fifteen minutes each way. No traffic. Maybe a little bit around Coogee. Yeah, in the car park there were all of these cars going in the wrong direction and then somebody tried to steal my spot. No, I just kind of gave them a rude look. No, not really. Not long at all, like one minute. Or the main department stores, David Jones and Meyer and then just a few little. Sports Girl. Oh, we ate at a sushi place. I can't remember the names of the other shops. Maybe 10? Yeah, it was quite nice. Yeah, it was brown rice sushi so it was kind of falling apart. It was a bit messy. No, yeah, yeah, at the sushi shop we ran into a girl that we went to school with to primary school. Yes, yes, yeah, because two hours free parking so I moved it. So we were there for four hours. No, it's not. It's a bit cheeky for them to only have two hours free. No, maybe an hour. No, no, I'm not sure. I'm trying to remember. No, I don't think so. No, yeah, I'm pretty sure. No, yeah, I'm pretty sure. Yeah. No. Yeah, sometimes. No, not really. Mona Lisa Mile. It was probably two hours but I started watching partway through so I probably only watched about an hour. I think it was on Gem, yeah, the digital channel. This morning? Oh, yes. Oh, I had Vita Brit with banana and sultanas. No, we get it delivered. Yes. No, I don't. I usually only read it on the weekends. Just one. Yeah, that wasn't arranged. We accidentally ran into her. Yeah. And then one dental. What did I do on Saturday? I went to the beach, to Coogee. I spent most of the day there. I came home and I prepared cheese platter and then I went to my friend's house and we ate food and a movie. Yes. No. Only two but there was also some hummus and olive. I drove. I probably got there at around seven, maybe later, and I left at about maybe 11 or 11.30, so about four hours. No, but she was there. No, I never see her from that. Yes. Nothing in particular. Pretty standard chit chat. Yes. Between five and 10 minutes. Well, that would have been about a 40-minute walk. No, not really, apart from getting a bit sunburned. No, nothing interesting. No, nothing like that. It was Coogee. They don't really have waves there, yeah, if it's a nice day, yeah okay okay okay No comment.