 Okay, Saturday I got up around 8.30 in the morning and I had a shower and got ready and then I drove to Leichhart and then I dropped off Star and his mate and we went to the Finders Keepers market which is in Carriagefoot in Redburn and we hung out there, we used the little stalls and bought some Christmas cards. And then next door to those markets are the markets so we went there and we got some flowers and tasted food, good. And then we went and had lunch at a place in Waterloo, I remember that bit, it was nice. And then I went back home and then I got picked up by my other friend and we went to my friend's kitchen tea and that was in Balmoral at one of her bridesmaids' and pretty. And it was a really nice day so we got to see beautiful views of the water and we hung out there until like 6 and then we went to a concert because my friend's boyfriend is in the group and he's a singer and we went and watched that and yeah, he leaves around 10.30, 11, I don't really remember the time. And then after that I hung out with them for a while and went home around 12 I guess, around 12, I don't really know, probably 12, quarter 12. Yeah, yeah, yeah so that was my day. I think it took like half, yeah, there was morning, no it was her, maybe like more than a year, a year and a half. It's a girl, yeah, so my sister went to school with her so they're kind of school friends so I've known her but only, probably like 10.30. Yeah we were pretty lucky, it was quite busy but we got off school. No, we were really close. Well we kind of went to all of them, I don't know how many were there but we only bought things at like 4 I think. Two of them yes and then the other two. No, no, well we got some flowers. No we drove. I think it was on a street, I think the street starts with a D maybe. It was like a restaurant. No, my sister's been there before. Yeah, I think so. From, yeah, I got home around 2.30. That goes like $40. Yeah, my friend met me, yeah, I guess two and a half maybe, two or three hours. Going up from two to three. Maybe, yeah I guess, I don't really remember. I think we left there. 30 or 60. No, it's my friend who got the text, it's her boy. That was in North Sydney. That was, yeah. Um, no, her boyfriend, he had, because he was there earlier. Geek? So, no, not really. We just waited around until they did all the work. Um, no, there's five of them. No, I know two of the others. Yeah, um, a while, I don't know, four years, yep, okay. No comment, no comment, no comment. Great!