 Saturday was my birthday so I got up early and to breakfast with my husband in Lane Cove. We went to a place Firefly and that was at 30 I think and we ran into my friend Lisa and after that we went to Swood and shopping and Swood till about 11.30 and then we came home and got changed dress because we were going to a wedding so Matthew left in and then I got picked off at 30 and went to the Brides House and flowers and then to the church at Sydney and then the wedding was at 2. That went about an hour only and then we hung out outside and walked to Kirribilli at 3.30 and had some food and then walked from there to Ferry and Ferry from there to Quay and then we ate the reception. It was at the Royal Automotive Club Australia. It's on Macquarie Street. It's like a big old dancing building. Yeah so that was really nice. So they had like canapes, drinks and stuff and started sat down at our table at seat and then yeah. At the wedding reception we had dinner, drinks, yeah. Well I remember the entree was prawns and avocado. It was very yummy and then they had churros and then lots of dancing. Well they had their funerary and then walked. Do you know your parents? He, well he was but a reasonable amount like once an hour or so. I know them from church. They're awesome. She did go to my school but she was a year below me so we kind of became friends after school finished. Yeah, friends. No, there's a bit of a story but yeah her fiance, he goes home and they planned their wedding there. It was all organised and they were really excited and then some other girl had the booking. Yeah. There was no, the family was all really nice. They were all very nice. There was one girl, originally. Yeah. Um, um, it's five. Well, because it's circular key they check. Yeah, yeah. Oh, we sw, we changed that minion. No. I think it might have been like Porter. Yeah, there were. So it was um, yeah, we always um. Um, well I actually saw a friend. She was also a, but a print wedding and she didn't have a dress to wear so I met her and good, yep. No comment. Comment. No comment. Comment.