 Okay, I woke up about five because I'm a bit jet-lagged and I went back to sleep until an alarm woke me up probably about 6.20 and I didn't actually get up till about seven o'clock because I had breakfast. I made myself some Sultana bran. I think I brought that back upstairs to eat and then I started reading a book and fell back asleep and didn't actually get up again till 11.30 which kind of sucked because I was intending to go to uni that day. Then I basically, I think I watched an episode of TV and then I made myself some lunch and watched probably two episodes of Gossip Girl and had a conversation with our foreign house guest at the moment. And then I watched a little bit more TV and went back upstairs and kept reading my book. That's probably about three o'clock I guess. And then all I just waited for the rest of everyone who lives in my house to get home and we had dinner. We had a guest for dinner which I was a bit surprised about because an ex-girlfriend of one of my housemates, I didn't know that they were still talking to each other. We had hamburgers for dinner and then basically I went to bed. Yeah, that's about it really. Oh no, I watched a couple more episodes of TV just to try and keep awake a little bit longer before going to bed. Yeah, I hate being jet-lagged. Yeah, normally I get up around seven. Yep, no not really. I used to be but this last couple of years I can't do it anymore. Yeah, I'm actually pretty good at that. Not many people I know can do that, just going back to sleep. So I try and get up and that's actually unusual. I had gotten up and was walking around and falling back asleep is not a usual thing. Well I've just been away for a couple of weeks and while I was away she's been sleeping in my room actually. And now I'm back she's sleeping in the living room which is a bit exciting which means we can't use the dining table for breakfast because she's asleep on the floor in there. She seems pretty nice. I hadn't met her before a couple of days ago actually. Yeah, she's just a friend of a friend. Three in total usually. Yeah, they're all from uni, I met them all in first year. Yeah, all of that care pretty much. Oh, two years now. More or less, we had another girlfriend living there but she left about a year or so ago. She's into your house? Well, sometimes it happens like if someone's away and often like someone goes away on holidays for a couple of weeks or a couple like a month at a time. We try and get someone in if like a friend who needs somewhere to stay. Apparently, her visa is about to run out so she's trying to get a job again and finding it very difficult but so she's probably going to leave the country in a couple of weeks anyway. Oh no, she actually went around the corner to another friend's house who she had been staying at the weeks before she stayed with us. No, no, no, that was another girl who I got an email about it sometime during the day saying oh this girl's coming around for dinner and I just thought oh that's a typo, he meant someone else but no it was her. Yeah, that was really awkward. No, she's lovely but I'm pretty sure that they'd like broken up and nothing was going on between them. Oh, um, five and this girl, yeah. Yeah, somewhere between, oh normally four but usually somewhere between sort of three and six depending on if we've got guests over. Oh, we try to. Sometimes it doesn't happen like the other, well apart from the guy I'm dating, the other two guys have, they're out on the town quite a lot trying to pick up women. In the morning, I guess it would have been Gossip Girl, a couple of the most recent episodes. No, no, no, I'm three weeks behind on all my TV because I've been away basically. After lunch I watched a couple of episodes of Glee which was really awkward because the French girl was there and I'm sitting there going oh how can she be listening to this music, singing and dancing? Like she said it was okay because it was English and she finds she can tune out English TV but I felt really bad about the music so I, and she eventually went upstairs and the last episode upstairs. Ah, just the one but like we've got it all hooked up so you can watch it on any computer. TV. In the afternoon, that would have been the Glee in the afternoon I guess. After dinner was Boardwalk Empire and an episode of How I Met Your Mother. Unfortunately yeah, there's way too much TV that I watch at the moment. It's not so bad except that like I'm trying to watch three weeks of TV at once, it takes a lot of time. Yeah, yeah. What are you reading? I'm reading, what's it called, Inheritance by Christopher Paolini. Bought it overseas because it came out while I was away. I only just started reading it when I came back actually. I was so busy while I was away. No, no. Oh, just a little bit. I've got my phone with me most of the time, it's got the internet on it so check emails, check SMH, that sort of thing. Probably mostly in the morning but I guess I might have done it in the afternoon too. I know I would have been on at 7.30 and probably, definitely again at 11.30 when I woke up. Maybe a couple of times, I couldn't say in the afternoon. Hamburgers? No, my housemate did. He did? I didn't, no. Oh, I might have gone in the backyard but it was raining so I don't think I did actually. No, no. So there is no comment questions to your name? No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, awesome.