 Okay, well, Saturday was a fantastic day. I got up and got back down again because I fell over straight away before I got in my car and drove to the shops where I got breakfast and lunch and dinner. I really love the shops. I went around all day and then I came home and went to sleep. Oh, probably 4am. I love the shops. Probably 5 past 4. No, no, no, I fell over straight away. I mean, times are a bit inconsistent but that's okay. No, no. I drove a long way until I found one that was open, which was at about 7pm. So obviously I'd got to Newcastle by that time. It was, no, no, not many people have the same sort of obsessive compulsive shopping tendencies that I have. It's quite unique. Okay, the drive was rather uneventful. I mean, I got hit once and fell over another two times and I lied to a few people on the way. That was really quite something. Oh, look, we took a fairly direct route. I mean, Brisbane, it's on the way, but it's not really on the way if you know what I mean. Melbourne more so. Oh, I went to at least 25 shops an hour. It's really important to get through as many shops as possible, especially when you're talking nonsense to each of the shopkeepers. They really like to keep you moving and don't like you sort of hanging around disrupting the customers at 7am. Yeah, no, no, I don't like to buy things. I like shopping. I don't actually remember. I can't, I couldn't tell you. I wouldn't have a clue where I went for breakfast. I don't really want to tell you either, mainly because I stole some fruit out of the supermarket. It was a packet of twisties and a pineapple. Yeah, they go well together. They're both the same colour. That's right. Yeah. And like Homer Simpson says, purple is also a fruit. So we got some jelly crystals and a chair. Hang on, I don't know where I went to the supermarket. Is the supermarket a shop? Isn't it? Yeah. Hard to say. It's hard to say. Yeah, no, it's a bit distracting when you're running around shops and you don't really know which shop is which and trying to annoy as many people as possible. I mean, without getting pulled over by the police. Yeah, all the time. On the way up to Newcastle. Well, it was while I was in Brisbane, actually, as you know, those Brisbane police, they arrest you for jaywalking all the time. And so if you ride, if you drive over the curb, they'll arrest you for jaydriving. Yeah, it's not actually a word, but fits. That's right. It works in Queensland. Yeah, but everything. No, no, I didn't go to Melbourne Castle. That's right. So almost right. That's right. The shop. Yeah, the shops weren't open in Newcastle yet. So I had to keep driving for a while. Yeah, obviously I have now. Oh, no, no. I like surprises. I like to surprise the shopkeepers as well. Yeah, yeah. I took a whole busload of children, actually. We found them at the side of the road and sort of hitched the bus onto the back of the car and off we went. Oh, well, they were all sort of quite old. There was 15 to 25 year olds. So some of them were children. But that's also hard to say. I'd say probably between 20 and 50. You're right between sort of approximately 20 to 50. Maybe, maybe 22, maybe 23. Yeah, around 20 to 50. We had lunch. Yes, it's really hard to keep up with where I'm telling you about lunch. Yeah, that was definitely breakfast, I think. Unless it was lunch. We may have gone back there for lunch. I'm getting a bit stressed now. I can't remember where I had lunch. Well, yeah, you're right. I did have lunch. It was at the supermarket as well. Yeah, I got some groceries. I got some cornflakes and had some good old fashioned lunch at about three o'clock in the afternoon. It's hard to say again. We sort of stopped on the way in Newcastle. We took a while to get out of Newcastle. It was a bit of a bit of an adventure. Yeah. Oh, yeah. No, you wouldn't believe the day I had five times. Yeah, well, two of them were in Newcastle. One of them was in Brisbane. I almost said Brazil. That was a different time. But just on Saturday. No, this all happened on Friday. Would you like to know what happened on Saturday? Oh, yeah, that's right. I did the same thing on Saturday again. Yeah, so yeah, it's usually the same children. They like a bit of routine in their life. Yeah. Yes. No, I've never been to those shops before. You're right. Oh, you've caught me there. Yeah, my story is starting to fall apart a bit. I wouldn't know what to say now. It's oh, it's 25 an hour. Yeah. So I've probably got through a few hundred. But it's easier with the children in tow because you can farm them out to the shops. And if they impersonate you correctly, then they can. Oh, no, I supervised the going to of 25 shops an hour. Yes. Otherwise we get caught straight away. Yeah, it's a bit. Oh, look, you've got to have your wits about you and these sort of things. I mean, you've got to get up early in the morning. I did. I definitely did. And you've got to find some children who are willing to go and visit some some shops. Oh, I think I told you that already, didn't I? I don't think I said six. No, I'm pretty sure I said four o'clock. Yeah. Only when we go to the shops. So sort of Fridays and Saturdays, most days. Oh, look, no, that's the rest day. More likely the arrest day. Yeah, well, it's when you're cleaning up after these children in the bus, they sort of trip you over. It's it's hazardous work, actually. No, I can't afford it. So I'll get the kids to drive, usually the twenty five year olds rather than the 15 year olds, it's probably better. Yeah, I'm a bit like a tour guide. You know, I take them from now and lead them astray, should we say? OK, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment. No comment. No comment. Alright. Alright.