 Okay, there's much detail. So I would have woken up at about seven o'clock. I think I have three alarms go off that I try to wake up with, but I usually don't wake up until the fourth one that never happens. So I would have had breakfast, I would have had Weet-Bix, had a shower, got dressed, of course, hopefully, and then got in the car and driven here to work. Then, once I was at work, I sat down and answered in some emails at the start of the day. It was a fairly monotonous day. Then I was doing some data analysis where the data really was no good, and so I spent the whole day getting frustrated about that. I tried to print out some pictures, didn't work. Then I went home for dinner. Oh, in the middle I had lunch, which was a couple of Vegemite sandwiches. Then I had dinner, which would have been a bit of soup. So I had pumpkin soup for dinner. That's exciting. And then after that I went and visited my parents, hadn't seen them for a while, and came home and went to sleep. Oh, probably about midnight. Yep, that's a pretty normal day. I had three alarms. The first one would be at about 6.30, and then it takes me a little while to get up, that's right. Today was no exception. Oh, I drive to work, so I didn't catch the bus. I get sick of Sydney Public Transport. The drive yesterday. Oh, I can't even remember the drive yesterday. It was fine. I took Cleveland Street to get to uni, so it was bad traffic. But other than that, quite mundane. Oh, that drive probably took 30 minutes, I'd say. I go the same route every day. It's a pretty exciting route. It takes about half an hour. No, luckily it was an incident-free drive. Oh, there would have been about two in my lab yesterday. Most people take Tuesdays off, which is a bit bizarre, but anyway, that's how they work. But in the building there'd be about 300, so enough people to cause a bit of chaos if they need to. Oh, I don't know. No, I know about 20 of them. No, I was quite lonely. I took my lunch by myself. Although last week I had lunch with people. Yep, I'm a massive nerd. Bit of a workaholic. I eat at the desk and keep working. Yep. Oh, I wish I took a flying carpet, but I did drive. I did drive. If that was yesterday, I went... Actually, I went via the city to buy some glue, so I had a detour on the way home. I parked on the street. I can't remember which street, but it was a two-hour parking zone, and I was only there for 10 minutes. So I was not going to get a ticket. Oh yeah, the city is awful for parking, and I wish it was easier to park in the city. Yeah, look, I got in a fight with a guy. He was driving this bulldozer down the middle of the street, and I just decided that I like buses instead of bulldozers. And so I beeped him, I flipped him the bird, and started abusing him. Usually, yes. Yeah, I usually have a few beers before I go into the city. I usually am the cause of all the trouble on Friday night. In fact, I wouldn't know where to go on Friday night, because I'm causing so much trouble at home that I just can't get loose into the city myself. I went to the corner stop. By that, I mean the corner shop. Any shop that sells glue is a good shop to go to, if you know what I mean. Yeah, yeah, some guy threw a milkshake at me, and a TV at the same time. It was quite distressing, and I didn't really know how to react, so I didn't. Yeah, I think so. I think those sort of situations require a bit of understanding and careful, you know, organisation. Oh, about $20. It was a very heavy stick of glue. Yeah, it may contain lead. No, I don't think I will. No. Though it did say safe for kids. Yeah, luckily I'm not a kid, so. For dinner? Oh, I've forgotten. What did I tell you? I think I had soup. Yeah. Oh, it was pumpkin soup. It was super, actually. It was fantastic. It was probably the best soup I could imagine having. No, no, I nicked it off my brother, because my brother makes soup all the time. I went to visit my parents. Yeah, they're pretty cool, although they've sort of grown three extra arms while I've been away. So, yeah, they're quite standard people. Quite boring. They're going bald. Only my dad, my mum's not going bald. And they also like soup. Oh, yeah, very. We like to maintain a bit of liquidity in our life, you know, in our investments and soup. Oh, if I'd caught a taxi, it would have cost about $80. But I don't catch taxis. I fly unicycles. Oh, about 20 minutes. It's not very far. Oh, I'd spend probably two hours there. Yeah, just getting excited, watching TV. All the current affairs programs there really interest me an awful lot. No, I don't remember what I watched. I've got no idea. In fact, I probably watched a movie. No, no, I wish I could. If it was Steven Seagal or something, it would have been fantastic, you know, snakes on a plane. No, no, I actually left that at my parents' place. My dad likes to ride a unicycle, so instead I walk. Yeah, that's right. Oh, no, the cab ride usually takes me on an unusual route, and so I like to go directly home. Oh, about midnight? No, no, I hung around for hours just getting in fights with the washing machine. It doesn't really react and fight back, so you have to sort of target it a bit more. Provoke it, that's right. Yeah, you have to hit it well.