 Um, I woke up late at around 10 o'clock and then I went to meet my best friend at the cinema. Um, and we watched films, did we see? Oh, we watched, um, the new Justin Timberlake film In Time, which was very good, surprised. And then we went and had lunch at a sushi chain. It was very good, also wasn't surprised. And then I went home and did nothing until dinner time. Then I ate and then I watched True Blood. That was my day. I'm not an early morning person, so my average wake up time is about 10 o'clock, 10.30. That's when the day starts for me. I walk because I don't live very far from Westfield, East Guns, so it's about a five minute, thank God. Um, 10, 10 people in the cinema, but I was just with my best friend. Um, In Time, the one with, it's got Justin Timberlake and Amanda Seyfried in it. And it's set in like a dystopian future where they don't have, the currency is used in time instead of money. So everyone is trying to bargain to get more time, otherwise they die. Yeah. Sushi chain up the top of East Gun. Yeah, it's a new one. So we decided to go try it. No. Well, no, cause it just opened up in the last two weeks. Yeah, I think. Yeah. I'll give it some more time, I think. So, uh, I don't have to, I can just walk. So it's very, uh, yes I did. But I had my umbrella because I thought ahead. Um, I just bummed around on the internet, just looking at websites and stuff. And I read a very interesting article, some guy, some, I think some critic decided to break down the Twilight series into, he did this complete like analysis of it. And, um, yeah, it was very interesting because his basically was saying, I'm not shaming people into liking it. We can like it. But at the end of the day, it's like McDonald's. You have to be aware that it's bad for you. So I was just like, this is very good. I don't like talking on, I prefer texting all the time. Yeah. Oh no, no, no, we talk. I talked to her on the phone because she insists on calling. So, but if it was up to me, I stick to texting and Facebook, um, 12 o'clock and it finished it. Oh, I watched, um, the Ellen DeGeneres show on TV. Uh, I taped it from the day before. So, and I didn't have it. So I just did that and then got dressed and went, no, it just, um, I just watched real housewives with my sister and then true blood. And that was it. Um, no, well, no true bloods, a TV show and real housewives. I liked the video. Was it on, on TV? Oh no, no, no, no, no, no. Uh, real housewives was, but true blood was not. It was obtained in other means. Um, she downloads the TV show cause she can't wait until it's on TV. So she just hooked up her computer to the TV screen. We can watch it like that instead of, because it used to be, she'd download the show and then I just grab it off her on my USB. But then that just got too tedious and blah, blah, blah, blah. But then she discovered how to hook up the TV to the screen. Pretty much. That's all we've been doing for the last week or so. Just watching communal TV shows. So yeah, I don't, she does. So I, I prefer to wait until it comes on TV, but she has less patience than I do. So that she insists on downloading yesterday. Um, yeah. One for my best friend's little sister who asked if we were still at the cinema and this was like about an hour afterwards. I just had to text her back really quickly going, no. Um, I think she, no, she rang us later and she asked for a lift home, but then there was some issue with the car and well, my best friend's car and stuff. So there was a tiny, tiny bit of an argument, but yeah, no, no, we just stayed at East Glen. There was a sale on a Meyer. So she loves a bargain. Uh, about 45 minutes. No, doing, um, quarter to four. Uh, it was really quick. It was about, does it? I don't know. I can't remember cause the movie finished it to, there's a bit of dawdling. Then we went just chatted, ate lunch, chatted some more outside. And then we went to Meyer and then probably, yeah. Mystery solved. I was just steak and salad. No, I can't cook at all. So I just, it's my phone. Sorry. Don't worry about it. Um, I'm just turning it off. So no, I don't cook it also. My mom had to cook it for me and that was my dad. So I'm going to get in trouble. Okay. Um, that was it. No, I don't. This is making me sound like a bad person. Um, no, I just sat on the couch like mom, I'm done. And she's like, okay. Um, I think quarter to four, eight. I just sat on my laptop and did nothing. Read stuff, Twitter, Facebook. I'm organized to see a movie with my other friends for next Tuesday. And then they got into a bit of an argument about where they want to have dinner. And then I said, I don't really care. Everyone else decides. So Facebook, Facebook. Yeah. Yeah. It's my only real means to be honest, that and Twitter and big on Twitter and texting. I only reserve phone calls for my best friends. And even then I'm just like, can we make it quick? Cause I don't really like doing this because never have anything to say as you can tell no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Awesome.