 I actually have no idea. Um, I think so, but I honestly have no idea what I did. I think I was with my younger sister running errands, but I'm not sure. I actually have no idea what I did on Monday. Oh wow, this is sad. I know, I think we just had lunch somewhere. Say, yesterday we went Kuji. I must have gone to the gym at some point on Monday. Yeah, Monday evening I went to the gym. I know that. We stayed there for a while. Um, Monday day, I have a complete blank. I think, I'm pretty sure I was running errands with her, because I think she was driving on Monday. Yes, that was about it. Oh yeah, and I think I was at home for a little bit, because I lost my camera charger, and it was a brand new DVD, and they'd been lost for a while. So I spent some time looking for them, and I found both of them, and then I was really happy about that. And um, yeah, that's about it, I think. Yeah, oh my god, Monday. What's the date on Monday? 12, yep, I have no idea. Raining in the morning. Uh, yeah, but I would have been, I probably didn't get up till about 10. Yeah, I woke up late. Um, and then I probably went and had lunch with my younger sister somewhere, and then came home. Well actually, Monday, Monday I think we were at her friend's place. We went to her friend's place, because her iPod, my sister's iPod had died, and we were trying to get some, she had gone some music a while ago from her friend, her best friend. So we went to her best friend's place, because my little sister didn't have it backed up on her hard drive. So we went there, so she could get the music off her. Stayed there for about an hour, and then we must have come home. I think that's what happened. Yeah, I think we went before. Before we went to her house, because we stayed there for, yeah, so we stayed there for about an hour. Yeah, nope, I have no idea. Um, I'm seriously trying to think, I can't remember if we, because I know we went out, I don't know. We went to Coogee sometime this week, and I think that was yesterday, but the other two days, can't recall. But I know I was waiting for her, after she dropped me home, after we came back from her friend's place. She dropped me home, and then I looked for the stuff at home. And then I waited for her, and my older sister to come back, so we could all go to the gym together. And we stayed there for about an hour and a half in the evening. Absolutely not. Hate classes. Yeah, so we stayed there for about an hour and a half. I think so, yeah. It's very hard to tell, it's like, this is the problem when I go on holidays, I lose track of all time. Like, I honestly have no idea. It's so bad. Oh God. Oh, wonderful. Can tell you what we, well, yesterday was exciting, because HSC results came out, and my little sister got her result, well, half. So we spent the morning, actually woke up early. I woke up 10 to six, and because the results came out at six o'clock, I thought, well, maybe I'll stay up with her. But then I decided not to, so I just went back to bed, and didn't wake up again until 9 a.m. And then I found out what she got. And then yesterday, yesterday we went to Coogee and had lunch. So that took about, that only took about, really, an hour, half. We had, yeah, lunch itself was half an hour, because my little sister drove. And then we went out again last night for dinner, and we went to two places. We went to a place in Glee, and we had dinner there. And then we went to the casino to have ice cream from the ice cream place there. Then we had to wait, and then my dad decided to have a bit of a gamble, so we had to wait until he was done. So that took about two hours, and we didn't end up coming home till about midnight. So that was yesterday. Oh, for lunch, it was my little sister. On the way to the restaurant in the evening, it was my older sister, and then on the way home, it was my dad. And he got a ticket last night for running a red light. No, no, no, no, no, we drove. Oh, my older sister, so Christine drove. Yeah, I get chauffeured around. So I'm still on my L's, sadly. I was actually hoping to go for my driving test this month, but it didn't sort of work out. So we're going away on Wednesday. I won't be back until mid-January, mid to late January. So I'm gonna wait until I come back. But I've been sitting on my L's for about almost two years. I don't think. Oh, yes, I was working on my blog because I hadn't done anything on that, and I wanted to do a few updates before I left because obviously I won't have any internet access and stuff. My blog, it's been running since about 2008, I think, but I'm a very lazy blogger. So it's sort of changed direction and focus in three or four years I've had it running. But I'm trying to be more regular in my blog, but it doesn't always work out because uni gets in the way. Oh, it was in Coogee, yes. Did I say Bondi? No, it was definitely Coogee yesterday. Yeah, Coogee, yeah. We went to Tropicana, Cafe Tropicana, and I had a chicken sandwich, and my sisters had salad, three, thank God. Oh, not really, no. I got a phone call from my best friend who wanted to know if I could come over, because I already had plans with my family. I said I couldn't come over. So I'm actually gonna see her this afternoon. No, no, that was my little sister's best friend. So that was her best friend we went and saw. Oh my God, I'm 97, so about 14 years. Yep, she's been my best friend since we were about seven years old. A Lebanese restaurant in Glebe. Yeah, it's pretty good, yes. Just my family, so about five of us, almost, because we got a phone call from my parents' friends, and they wanted to know where we were, and we told them we were at the casino. So they were supposed to come, but they never did, so we didn't end up running into them when normally we would've. Okay, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Woo-hoo!