 Okay, well I have three different jobs. So yesterday was one of the days that I work on my interviewing job, which is in medical research, like medical and psychological research. So I was meant to have four interviews yesterday, but actually two of them got cancelled. So I went into the office in the morning and I had to do one at 10 o'clock and I just knew this woman was never going to answer. I just had this sixth sense that she was never going to get me on the phone. But fortunately, shortly after that, I was able to get the next participant and I was able to get her earlier so I could go home and take the afternoon off before I had to go back into the office in the evening and interview another guy. So I actually spent most of the day doing bugger all. Like I was meant to clean the house, but it was raining and it was really cold and nice. So I actually slept for an hour. And yeah, I'd like to say I read something really intelligent other than The Herald, but I didn't really. I watched a new episode of Breaking Bad, which is awesome. And yeah, apart from that, I mean, I just got home at about eight o'clock after doing my evening interviews and had dinner and went to bed. Didn't do a lot of very interesting things yesterday, actually. I was meant to interview four, but it's the nature of the study. They're pregnant. And so a lot of the time at the last minute they have things come up with their other kids or they're not feeling well enough or they're just too busy. So yeah, we had one cancel and someone else actually cancelled because of the rain. Yeah, really, someone cancelled because of the rain. We couldn't come to the house in the rain, which I don't understand. Yeah, sometimes I interview them over the phone. Sometimes I go to their houses. It's getting a bit dull. I mean, we're trying to get a sample of 1800 women and families and we're only up to 700 and I've been on the study for two years already. So it's taking forever. No, I ended up just having phone interviews, which was really nice. I mean, usually I would regret losing the hours from having people cancel, but I'm way ahead in flex time because last week when I went to a conference in Hobart, it just ate up a lot of time. Yeah, isn't my job fascinating? Fascinating. I did go into work. Yeah, I took my car. I've got a new car. I just recently bought a new car and I love it. It's only about 15 minutes from my home to my work. Well, to that one. Yeah, it often takes longer because getting across Anzac Parade is, you know, pretty bad, pretty bad in the mornings. But if you can leave it until nine o'clock, then you can get in in half the time. I probably left home at about 20 past nine yesterday morning. Probably about 8.30. No, I'd usually have to get up earlier than that, but I was working later that evening and starting later that morning. I probably got home from my first interview at about 12.30, but then I left the house again later on that afternoon at about five and didn't get home until probably eight that night. It's nice though. I had a long break in the afternoon. Well, you know, like I said, I waste a lot of time on the net. I did some errands I had to do. I had a short nap, watched a Breaking Bad, played with the cat. Not a lot. Should have done something really good, but I didn't. Oh, constantly, you know, whenever she comes up and puts her face in front of the computer, which is regularly. Yeah, yeah. I jumped back into work and yeah, that was right after my partner got home. It's always irritating on days where I'm home when he's at work and he's at work when he's at home when I go back to work. But yeah, so I jumped back in the car and it didn't take me long to get back to work. There were a few when I got in, but by the time I left, I was the last person to leave. I know because someone else came in and interrupted my interview to ask if I could set the alarm when I left. So yeah, they were all, they all go home at like 4.30. I don't know. They must get into the office at like 7. Well, there are five people in my office, but in the overall building, there's probably more like 50. I was the last in the building. I was the last in the office and the last in the building. Well, often on a Wednesday, yeah, I tend to do a lot of evening and weekend interviewing, which leaves me more time free during the week. But you know, it's a big trade off, trading in your personal time that you might spend with friends or family just to have more time off during the week. Took my car, took my brand new purple car. Love it. It still has new car smell, even though it's now a month old, but I'm just seeing how long I can preserve that new car feeling. Yeah, my brother is staying with me at the moment. So he came home and we played Tekken for a while. We tried this new Japanese video game as well that I don't know the name of, but it was really, really difficult to understand what was going on. I couldn't work it at all. It seemed I was supposed to be playing with a giant spider, but when it came on the screen, it looked like a wimpy little, it looked like a ghost made out of toothpaste. It's hard to explain. So yeah, we went back to Tekken where at least I know what I'm doing. My brother is staying with me for about six weeks. He lives out of town, but his job brings him into Sydney a couple of times a year. And when he's here, he stays with me. It's good. Pays some rent. Yeah, no, he's in the spare bedroom and he's, you know, chipping in for the rent, which is good. Yeah, sure does. Sure does. You know, and I just wish I didn't have to pick up after him all the time because he's a filthy little bastard really. Me, I cooked dinner. I always cooked dinner. Almost always. Well, you know, I'd rather eat my own cooking than anything my partner would make and my brother wouldn't cook anyway. He doesn't get home from work until 11 o'clock. So it's more just me trying to shovel something into him before he, you know, falls asleep on my couch. Quite late, I didn't go to bed until about 1230, which is a mistake because I felt really tired this morning. But we were up playing competitive video games. Yeah. What? Sorry. That's unusual for you. No, I usually stay up quite late, but I usually try and get to bed before that when I had to. I had an early meeting this morning, so I should have really gone to bed earlier. No comment from here on in. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Thanks!