 Cool, so I would have got up around quarter to eight. I don't think I had time to shower. I had to get breakfast and grab my Quidditch stuff because what I did on Saturday was play Quidditch. So I think I left the house around 8.30 and I would have gotten a bus just after there up to Anzac Parade and then walked down and I met the Canberra Quidditch team on the way up who asked me where the bathrooms were. So I pointed them at Macca's and then we got to the physics lawn and there was no one there. So we headed over to the office where we keep all our stuff and we got the hoops out. One of the Newcastle team actually helped us out there which was pretty nice of them. And then actually a whole bunch of the other teams came. We all just carried the hoops down to the physics lawn. And then some of the other teams took over and measured it and decided that it wasn't big enough. And so as the cricket got rained out, we managed to move it to the village green. And so we took over that lawn and it was absolutely pouring all morning. I didn't lose my umbrella. I managed to take that out with me and not lose it, which is good. But yeah, it was absolutely ridiculous. Like the whole ground was just puddles, like right near the goal. So you're like trying to score a goal and you're just like splash. We set up in the stands in Quidditch, on the village green, which was really nice because we wouldn't have had that in the physics lawn. And so we kind of spent a while like talking to people and working out who everyone was. It was really cool that everyone had different color shirts. Like that was completely unplanned. And so we had green for us, red for Newcastle, blue and white for UWS, orange for Wollongong and yellow for Canberra. And then, so there was the whole mingling for a bit and then reading out the speech from the person at the IQA, kind of setting up the field. We started the draw half an hour late and then we just were playing games from then on. So we won the first game against UWS, 110 to 80. They caught the snitch though. And then it just went on from there. We had a break at lunch where they kind of madly went and got a whole like 400 or $500 worth of subway subs and distributed them amongst the teams. About just before lunch, the rain all cleared up and it got really sunny and I got massively sunburned. And it was so awful. And then we had, we ended up like bits of our team and supporting people just dribbled on along the day. And so we were distributing shirts and trying to find tape to fix all the hoops up. And then we started to play again after lunch and we played Newcastle and won. We won all of our games except against ANU. And then there was this really intense game at the end with there were two, ANU versus Newcastle and ANU got worse throughout the day. And so they were gonna be our main competitors for being first because they were five teams. What we had is instead of having one play four, two play three, we had four play five, two play three, one play the winner of two and three. So if we were winning, we wouldn't have to play anyone. So we ended up winning just because of the way the draws worked out, which was really cool. And so it ended on like a full cycle with us playing UWS again at the end. And we won that game as well. But it was really cool because ANU practice three times a week and Newcastle practice once a week, but us and UWS had only really had one practice. So it was really cool to see how we kind of worked together throughout the day to actually improve. And one girl actually got sent to hospital. She like tripped on the stairs and it wasn't like a serious injury, but it was just, she had a bad hip already. And so we were a legitimate tournament as of then, you know, quidditch through the ages kind of thing. Oh, there was this, the snitch, the whole point of the snitch is just to be really theatrical and not get caught. So you'd have people who were running, you know, around the campus and that was fine, but we couldn't see them. So there was one guy who actually climbed up on the roof and just as someone saying, you know, don't slip, he jumps off into the bush and just keeps running out. Like what, it was ridiculous. And then I think that was mostly it. So we won the final against UWS. And then after that, we all went over to the White House and had drinks there. And they stayed open late for us. Cause normally on a Saturday, especially out of session, they'd shut around six. So we asked them to stay up until 8.39 so that we could have someone to go afterwards. And we've all like all of us quidditch teams, cause it's a fairly new thing in Australia. Like this tournament was the first one outside of America. So it's fairly new anywhere really. We're hoping to actually send a couple of teams to America in 2013, but we just need to do a lot of sponsorship before then, because it's quite a bit of money. And then after that we, oh, stopped to buy after sun cause it was really sunburned and then went home and we, our bed had arrived. Like we've just moved house. So we spent three and a half hours building our bed and yeah, that was basically Saturday and to sleep around. I forget if it was like probably 11-ish, Saturday. Lately, yes. Just because I've been doing a lot of things. Like last weekend I was, I had to fly in, I had to leave where I was on Saturday morning, get a boss, fly in back to Sydney so that I could go to a cocktail event. I think the week before I had something else on. So lately I've been really, really busy with moving house and my parents have been moving house. I've had to help them and I've just been kind of, I went to Melbourne for a while. So it was like flying around and like, we actually slept in though on Saturday. I guess since O-Week this year, I think our Quidditch society only started very end of last year or the start of this year. And then they ran some games on O-Week and I was part of that and I kind of joined the society then. I think they had one or two games throughout the year, which weren't very well publicized. And so like the whole society didn't actually know about them. So I played in one game, but I don't know about the rest. And then I'm now the incoming president to that. So, but yeah, really just this year. We had about maybe 15 yesterday play in sub for us. I've got a couple more people interested for next year. I'm hoping to set up like a house tournament. So we'd need at least 28. So we could have seven people on four teams. Most of them, not all of them. Some of them were new to me on the day, but I think all but like two of them I knew. How do I get to uni? Well, I used to have to, I was far away, but now I just catch a bus or walk pretty easy. It's only like 15 minute walk or a bus. Yeah, a couple of minutes. Five, we started playing half an hour late. So instead of starting at 9.30, we started at lunch. Was also delayed. It was meant to be at 12, but I think we actually got the subs around 12.30. No, I didn't, but I did eat somewhere. That would have been in our match against Newcastle. It's the one straight after lunch. And it would probably have been 21 or 1.30. One of her teammates, I think. No, she was from Newcastle. The finals started at 5.30. Yes. White House. And that was, I didn't make it. The first people started going there for six, but I was packing up equipment. So I think I got there around half past. Two, two and a half hours. Couple of people. One of the, we were talking with the UWS team. And so they're all from Western Sydney. So they were hanging out with them, you know, talking about brown snakes and paintballing red-billied black snakes. And that was a little interesting. One of the girls went to the opening night of the Harry Potter exhibit at the powerhouse. So she was showing everyone photos of like, you know, meeting the actors and stuff. Yeah, we'll have more Quidditch tournaments next year and probably some other social events. Got home around 9.30. No. Exlist is down. Girlfriend read the bed. I was answering emails and typing up. Cool. No comment, No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment. Cool.