 So on Saturday I was in Canberra tutoring at the December training school for the Australian Informatics Olympiad. Now on Saturday there was a trial exam in the morning for the students. So I was, I was invigilating that. So to do that I think I slept through my alarm and wound up waking up at, oh did I do that? Yeah I think I slept through my alarm and then wound up getting up at 8.30 and the exam had already started at 8.30 so I wound up getting there 15 minutes late. So I sat in the exam and invigilated that, answered some student questions. That went on till 12.30 when I went back to Bergman College at the Australian National University and had lunch there. Following that, hmm poor, I think I was working on a game with some other tutors. So fixing bugs in this bit of software so that we could give it out to the students for an activity we had planned later in the camp. So I worked on that until 5.30 when we went to dinner, once again at Bergman College. After dinner we went back to the computer science building where we'd been during the day and then yeah I think I just sat down in the foyer with the other people that were working on the game and then did that until about 9, oh 9.30. We went back to Bergman where we sat in the communal lounge area and worked on an exam that was going to be set, that the students were going to sit in the morning and I had to work out some solutions so I'd be able to properly explain them and at that point I developed a headache since I think I was dehydrated and just went to bed around 11. I was tutoring at the December training school for the Informatics Olympiad, yes. I went down to Canberra the Saturday before last, was driven. I came back yesterday, went on a bus, about three hours, yeah. I was meant to get up at about 8 so I could have breakfast and leave at 8.15 for the 8.30 exam. No, just slept through it, semi-regularly. This is the first time I'd been in Canberra to tutor, I'd been to the camp as a student previously. No, there were other invigilators, yeah. There were two others invigilating, 25 all up. Prior to the camp or prior to, I'd met about half the students prior to that and I'd known all the tutors before that, yeah. About three years, yeah, yeah. I've been involved since September 2009. I walked, oh, ten minutes, not. Yeah, maybe it's through the ANU campus so not really a street but a road surrounded by rolling grassy areas and a creek of trees, yeah. Not on that day, I don't recall. College food, no, nothing memorable. I was working with four other people in the afternoon. Different set of tutors, yes, until 5.30 when I went to dinner. It's set by the college and we have other activities at night so yeah, we have an early dinner. We were in the foyer of the computer science building, yeah, no. Not that many that night, two or three little ones. Things with a server might crash now and then which we fixed up. Fixed up to a sufficient degree that it didn't crash when it was on display. It's basically a stripped down version of Starcraft. So you had a base where units would be made and these units would have some strength and when units walked onto each other they would fight and the stronger one would live with its health decremented and you also had to pick up minerals so you'd be able to build more people. Only for the past week, yeah. We, sorry? We already, okay, so in previous camps there was someone that had written a body of code which was Tron. Then we refactored that into this game. It was mostly written. Yes, and the same people I was invigilating with. Yeah, six, or seven of us all up. Seven including me. Yeah. Pardon? I hadn't had enough water. Yeah. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.