 Okay, so yesterday... Was that Sunday? So, I think I got up around 9.30? And currently we don't have... Yeah, we don't have anything too much to eat in the house and we needed... We needed screws to put shelves up as well as a doormat. And we thought we needed drill bits at that stage to put shelves up and to put doorstops in. So, me and one other person went to the nearest Bunnings by... I think we went on two buses. So, one to get from our house to... Yeah, we went from our house to a nearby shopping centre and got breakfast at Subway. Or breakfast and lunch at Subway. It was a foot-long ham sub with lettuce, olives, tomato, onion, old English cheese. It was toasted. I was a bit adventurous and had the honey mustard sauce. Then, following that, we went to Coles to get various other bits of food we needed. So, we got two loaves of bread instead of the usual one because currently we don't have a fridge and we're going through a lot of bread. We also got... We got M&Ms. Plain chocolate. Then, following Coles, we caught the same bus, same bus route to Bunnings. Then at Bunnings, we wandered around for a reasonable amount of time trying to find the screws before asking a staff member. And we had to go down some reasonably well-hidden stairs to get to the trade centre to buy the screws. And once we were down there, we spent a good five, ten minutes trying to figure out which length of screw would be best for the wall and which one would be best for the shelf. So, we decided on 8-gauge, 40mm for the wall and 25mm 8-gauge for the shelf. So, after Bunnings, we caught a bus directly back to the bus stop nearest our house and walked home from there. Then, after that, we... Oh, I spent a little while putting... marking up the wall to put the shelves on. The stud finder's a bit dodgy, so that wasn't well done initially. So, when I put the first shelf up, got the shelf up, pulled on it a bit, and one of the screws came out of the wall. So, at that point, I left that and we went to a script session for a review at this university. And that was a... that started at 3, but we were 10 minutes late. So, when I got here, I joined a table and we wrote a script about if life was a video game. So, there was an ominous speaker that... or an ominous narrator that warned the player that the character had to defeat the evil lord What's-His-Name, but instead the character just cooked. Then that went on until 5. After that, I went to the Computer Science building and downloaded two episodes of How I Met Your Mother and the most recent Big Bang Theory. I was disappointed that the next episode has been postponed, so there was only one episode to download. The next one will be out later in December. After that, I walked home. So, it's 1.6Ks. After that, I continued to read Gert Lesher Bach, a book, for about 20 minutes until a friend of mine, Brendan, came over to talk about an exam he had to sit soon. And shortly after that, my girlfriend came home and she was talking to him and I went off and read for a while, since they're closer friends than I am with him. So, I read for a while, talked to them occasionally. That went on for a while. Then he started revising for his test and my girlfriend and I put shelves up. They stayed up this time. After that, I read for a little while longer, talking as well, and then I made pumpkin risotto, which turned out quite well, even though we only had long life cheese. Following that, it was about 10.30. So, I read for a little bit longer and then went to bed and watched an episode of How I Met Your Mother. That was reasonably early for a Sunday. It depends on what I have on. So, when I was at school, I'd have to be up around 8.30 to get to school on time. But during the holidays, I might only go to sleep at 7.30 in the morning and wake up in the middle of the afternoon. 15 minutes. We missed two. No, we didn't. No one. We have my Maltese, so we just swipe those. We were at Bunnings. We would have been there about 45 minutes. We caught the bus home. Yeah. We bought a doormat, two pairs of screws, or two, not two pairs of screws, two small boxes of screws, and a doorstop. We spent, we went to special trouble to get the small doorstop. No. We walked. It takes about 15 minutes. No, it depends on the day. Depends where we have to wind up at uni. So, we're parallel to the top of uni, so we just walk down as we need to. There would have been about 25 people there. I didn't know everyone. I knew about half of them. No comment. Cool.