 Sunday. What happened Sunday? So I slept in on Sunday. I got up around 10, 10.30. Following that, I just laid in bed for half an hour, an hour. At which point, me and my girlfriend started making a list of... Sorry, my girlfriend and I started making a list of the stuff we had to do that day because her parents and siblings were coming over that afternoon and we wanted to have the house tidy. So after that, I put up a shelf in our room which entailed screwing two brackets onto the wall and then screwing the shelf onto that. And then I moved as much stuff from my desk onto that as possible which tidied up the desk. And after that, she was complaining that the ceiling was moldy. So I had to go and get some bleach and bleach the ceiling. Yes. Then... Yes, then while bleaching the ceiling, I had moved the stuff off a higher shelf and I was standing on my desk. As I was doing that, I hit my head on the on the shelf which I'd screwed into the wall a week or so ago. And it stayed in the wall. I was very pleased with myself that it didn't leave huge holes in the wall. After that, I had lunch which I think was Nutella sandwich. And after that, I read Gert Lesher... I continued to read Gert Lesher Bach for two hours until my girlfriend's parents and family arrived. That was at 3.30. So at 3.30 when they got there, we had to move a lot of stuff in... a lot of her stuff in from the car. So now we got a third toaster and various other little... So we talked to them for about three hours or two and a half hours until six when we started walking down Anzac Parade to Mama Teresa's where we had dinner. I wasn't sure whether I should get pasta or not since I was at an Italian restaurant but I hadn't had steak for quite a while so I got the steak with pepper sauce. And that took us to about 8.30. And after that, I walked back to uni. I brought my laptop with me because we don't have internet on our house yet. So we wound up just using the internet for a while. It turns out the rest of our housemates were down there as well because they don't have internet either. That brought us to about 11.30 and then we walked home and went to sleep. I think we might have made some food. Probably Nutella sandwich again. I've put up four so far. One. Under the sink. No. I'm sure. No. It was a spray container. About 10 minutes. It's only very small patches. No. I would have Nutella sandwiches and I don't have those all that frequently. It's just been recently when we haven't had a fridge. We don't have a television. I was talking with my girlfriend's parents and siblings for... Before that, I read Gerd Lesher book for about two hours. Sorry? Oh, they... It was my girlfriend's parents and siblings and they came over about 3.30. Yeah. There was five of them. Three siblings and two parents. I didn't have pasta. I had steak. No. I said that since I was an Italian restaurant, I was considering getting pasta but because I hadn't had steak for quite a while, I had steak instead. It was a little... I ordered medium but they gave me a little under medium which was a little bit disappointing but I'm not too fussy about it. So it was still really good steak. Oh yeah. No. I have no qualms about that. Well, we've ordered our own internet and that will get here... Well, that should be connected on the 9th and then I'll be using that not instead but as well as. No, no. It'll be for big things as well. It's unlimited. The $60 TPG plan which I forget the details of but it's a lot of data that we're not going to use completely so effectively unlimited. Three. I've known two of them for only really well since we've moved in together which was a few weeks ago. Before that I knew them as acquaintances but not really well. Yeah, we went out finding houses and applying for them and all moved in at one point for me and three housemates. We've tried to find a different TV show to download because a lot of TV shows are skipping this week as you may be aware. I'm not sure my girlfriend was a little bit distressed that we'd run out of Terranova so you were trying I couldn't find another TV show that was appreciated unfortunately. Yeah. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. So with those control, with the no comment questions...