 man's memory here. Sunday I probably got up in the normal time, had breakfast, shower, the usual things. Then I probably logged on and did a bit of emailing and you know the usual nonsense. Then cricket still on, yes still on then so I would have watched, yes I would have watched the finish if I remember fairly early. And then I coaxed and did some shopping. That's right. Oh, eating and watching, watching various things on TV including the SBS news and the program on the Bible which I find interesting but annoying on SBS. And then I probably went to bed fairly, I tend to go to bed early these days. Okay, no, well three, replying generally to emails that I receive. Depends when I wake up, seven thereabout. It depends on the season, you know when it's dark outside I tend to wake up later. For a retired person no, generally, unless you have some commitment. Ah, what I do is I have the TV on, sound off and the radio but there's a delay because the TV goes up and down by satellite. So if you have a digital radio on the other, the delay is a lot, lot less and not noticed. So I've got a little tiny digital radio and I listen to cricket on that because the ABC commentators are more informative than the clowns on Channel 9. Right, oh yeah usual thing to sandwich, 12.30 roughly. No I don't, sometime in the middle of the afternoon I'd think but one cricket match blurs into another one. Yeah, Coles. No, no. I usually go to Coles in Randwick, their range is a little bit restricted so if you want more you have to go to Woolworths at East Gardens. You don't go to Bondi Junction because you have to pay to park. Right, five minutes, same route. No, generally not, no. A reasonable amount of parking space there so you generally, particularly on Sunday you can just generally braid in. If you go there at 11 o'clock on Monday morning it will be full of mums, you know, shopping. They may do but I'm not really sure. I generally don't shop at that time. Certainly on Sunday morning it's pretty, excuse me, Sunday, well any time Sunday it's pretty good. Well I'll recognise only some of the people on the check, they're often on the check. As far as I recall, yes. As far as I recall, yes. Mid-afternoon, 3.30 maybe. Because I don't really know what time the cricket finish, I can't recall, but it's something like that. A bit less probably, yeah. It's only a short drive. I came home and had my evening meal and then as I said watched the SBS news and the program on the Bible on SBS. No. It's probably, probably about the Egyptian elections but these things just tend to go in one ear and out the other. You like to feel informed but what you actually absorb is the minimal. Ah, now Monday. Oh, oh yes, well, something I forgot to tell you about Monday, that's the day I damaged my hip. I did some washing before I went out, slipped my mind. Went out to hang some stuff on the line and was just bending down and twanging in the hip, something that happens to me quite often. So, then spent a bit of Sunday was uncomfortable hip and had to go to the physio on Monday to have treatment and we're going back. So that's the thing that completely, that did happen on Sunday. Went to the physio on 6 o'clock last night. Physio practice but it was always a different person. I hadn't been for a couple of years, haven't had this problem for a couple of years. Apart from the two principals there, the personnel seemed to change. They're usually foreign ladies, you know, from England or this one was from Canada who were just working here for a year. Same as you go to a hospital, a nurse, almost all Irish, English or something. On Monday, I actually came in here and did a bit of work because I still have an off mouth. Did a bit of work for a while and then went home and had a shower before I went to the physio to do that. No, I can't wait. Oh, no, no I didn't. No, I had it by myself. No, I went out to the place on campus called the Southern Walk near the credit union there. Quite, reasonably cheap and reasonably Chinese. Oh, yeah, well, it's only about $7.10, $7.30 maybe. Again, you know, one doesn't, these times are not important really and one doesn't lay them down in one's memory, probably about that. Well, the guys in my office, yes, I share the office with, well, in principle about five but in time, usually there's only one or two other people there. Yes, only two of them, Peter and Dennis. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, gosh, it's hard not to say the correct answer, for For one not practice deception.