 Right, okay. I won't look. Right, so I'm not locked in this time. It's not my normal way of operating. Okay, shall we? Okay. All right. Well for a start you have to realize that I'm retired, so my time is my own. One gets up, one has breakfast, one has a shower, then you realize that my cousin coming stay tomorrow night. So there's some urgent housework. Fortunately, he's wifeing, so I'll be less trouble with eyes cast scant state of my house. So therefore I've spent yesterday and this morning doing housework. Exciting, I know. And then normal sort of thing, finish the housework, have some something to eat, watch the SBS news and like things. Normal day. Yeah, pretty much. Yeah, not a typical day, but was yesterday. Not that I can recall. No. Ah, but I did phone a friend in Victoria, yes. When I'd finished mowing the lawns. 20 past 2, something like that. This is an old friend from high school who's a widow who's just moved into an old peep and having a few troubles settling in. Give her a call every now and then, cheer her up. 20 minutes? 20 past? Something, something like that. Yeah. Ah, I don't, not sure I did say what time I got up. Normally about 7. So pretty much a widow. Yeah, well it depends on the season. It's when it starts to get light and you know, can't sleep when it's sunny outside. My cousin, yes. No, no. His wife is, he's from, we're all from Melbourne originally. His wife is currently up in Brisbane on work and he's just driven up there and he was, she has to stay. He's got to be back in Melbourne on Sunday, I think, driving back via Sydney and he'll be staying, I hope, tomorrow night. But he's a bit unreliable. He might decide not to come at all. So it better be safe and keep the house nice and, nice and clean. Okay, yesterday I finished, actually I finished about lunchtime. Then I had lunch and did the mowing. So the mowing was about 1. Oh, yeah, that's right. And after the mowing and ringing up Julie in Melbourne, or in Victoria, shower and a little rest. I forgot. No, SBS News. Regular thing. Yeah, the best news, best news on television is SBS News. 6.30 to 7.30, yeah. Oh, the usual thing about elections in Egypt. Federal budget. You know, perennial stories about politics and one thing and another. Oh, no, my memory. There's the two that I can recall. I watch it religiously, but I must confess now. Things don't stick. During, I think. It's hard to remember. Probably had dinner watching the news. Can't. 10? Usually time, yeah. No, I can't. Or washing up, of course. I can't think of anything else. Monday. Oh, God. I think I came in here. I'm retired, but I've still got an office in the School of Mathematics. And I'm sort of trying to finish off some research work. So I would have come in. Yes, I was in part of the day on Monday, sort of fiddling around, trying to get some work as I get older. It's hard for the long periods of time that you need to have done. Oh, I drive. Sometimes I walk. I live in Randwick, but I've got to walk uphill on the old knees. Not what they used to be. So I normally do drive. Yes, it's two kilometres, something like that. Ah, Monday we did, yes. I remember now. Funny, that just triggered it. The guy I'm sharing an office with arranged a lunch for about half a dozen of we oldies. Some of whom are still working, some are retired. There was one bloke there who's well over 80, I suppose. And he retired several years. He came in. So yes, thank you. That triggered my memory. Completely gone. Completely gone. We'll wait till you get old. Six, I think. One year, six. Oh, yes. Yes, yes. No, we go... Well, this is not the first time this has happened. We go down to a Thai place on Anzac Parade, which is cheap and good quality food. Never to credit. Lots of Asian students in there normally. Oh, yeah, yeah, they do. We used to go just a couple of... Every Tuesday, more or less. Not every... Religiously, every Tuesday, but many Tuesdays, and they do record. From here... Oh, I don't walk, I drive. So what time did I leave? I don't recall. It's usually probably about 3.30. Don't recall. No, usual SBS news and whatever else was on TV. No, I don't watch commercial television at all. ABC and... No. No, it's the memory problem. As you get older, things just don't... I'm sorry, I didn't catch it. Gee! It's hard to resist giving the correct answer to that. what car do you drive.