 Well, usual time, get up about seven, have breakfast and that sort of thing. And then off to Parramatta. I had polio when I was a child, and I'm a member of the Post-Polio Network of New South Wales. I'm their webmaster and a committee member. And we had a lunch out at the Parramatta Leagues Club for all the volunteers and committee members. So train out Parramatta and walk up to North Parramatta to the League Club and have lunch there and come home. I left about 10, yeah, about bus to Central, train to Parramatta, and then there's a shuttle bus goes around Parramatta, but I walked about a kilometer and a half, I suppose, from the station up to North Parramatta. Yeah, it's almost next to the football field. Not at the time, no, but it was actually sunny. But there was some evidence of rain at some time during the day, yes. No, no, I don't know anybody. So I'm not a member of Parramatta. Well, it's not a group of polio survivors since 2005. No, it was founded in 1989. Not true, I've been a member for longer than that. I don't quite know when I joined, but I probably joined in about 2003, and they invited me to be a committee member and webmaster in 2000, and I've been doing since then. It's a voluntary organizer. No, it meets, a committee meets every couple of months for one day, it could be every month. And then the web updating, I can do whenever I like. That's not a major, making a few editorial changes and putting new mugshot trivial, really. 12, no, some couldn't come for various reasons, you know, family commitments or, we're all old. I mean, we're all, some people that, you know, get all these illnesses and one thing and another. No, there was about half of them there. Plus they offer, there are people that work in there off to a volunteer, some of them, about 12, I guess. Oh yes, new everybody, yep, no. Ah, we, well, okay, it's supposed to start at 12. I got there just after 12, not everybody was there. We probably started eating about one o'clock by the time you put in the orders and wait for everybody to arrive. We left about two, maybe a little bit earlier than that. Walk back to the station, got the train back home. Ah, let me think, five minutes. No, it's one of those trains that sort of goes, all stops to Strathfield and then Strathfield, Burwood, Redfern, Central. It misses out the inner, you know, the inner west part. No, just got there just in time as the bus was arriving. No, it was not, no. It's normally about 20 minutes, something like that, from Central to where I live in Randwick. No, it wasn't particularly late, it was just after three, I think. Yeah, yeah, that's right, the train, let me think. Yeah, 3.13 was when they posed to leave Central, and it was just about, so I got home about 20, 24, something like, no, no, nobody I know, yeah. Oh, there were a few Christmas cards and things in the mailbox, normal thing. Yes, I did, after I got home, I wrote four, I posted. There's several more to post as well. No, I just watched television, interesting program on ABC about the King's speech, you know, George, the film that was on, I don't know whether you saw it. Yeah, well, there was a program on what really, and interviews with a couple of three people, like three old men who were patients of Loughlin, and about how he was always very encouraging and helped them over stumbles, and if there was anything in the King's script Lough thought the King would stumble on, for example, victory after the war he gave us, and he would stuck on v, v, and p, p. So victory was crossed out by Loughlin, replaced triumph. Very interesting. Yeah, it was, and it's more or less what did happen, and these old, three old boys they interviewed, you know, all in their 80s or 90s, and two of them said, you know, I owe a lifetime debts, man. Without him, I would have stammered and stuttered all my life, and I would not have been able to live and get the job I got. I think it started at 9.30 on ABC. Yeah, I think that's right. Yeah, yeah. No, no, no, that can be too addictive. I didn't check until this morning. Ah, now, that counting back a bit, isn't it? Yeah, the memory banks. Ah, I would have probably watched, yes, would have watched cricket most Sunday. Yeah, ah, but no, I went shopping, that's right. I went shopping in the morning, and then got home, and the cricket had already started, but the rest of the day, mostly watching the Coles' randwich. No, Eastguard, wrong, wrong. The Woolies at Eastguard, yes. No, not at 10 o'clock Sunday morning, no. Sometimes, but it's generally not too bad down there. Sorry? No, no, no, no, just went into Woolies, and oh, I'd also went into Big W to get some underpants. Yeah, yeah. Look, 67-year-old memories, you don't remember everything that happened in a few days ago, let alone just, ah, about six. Well, the telecast end, that's right. It was supposed to finish at 5.30, but because there was extra time due to rain the previous day, I think that happened, it goes on till, and then they, it has to finish. I would have watched something on television. It is what? Oh, it was a program on the Bible. And what else? Probably went to bed early after that. Sunday, probably none. No, I guess I don't. Yeah, again, that's testing the memory. Okay, righto. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. That's it!