 Hmm, what did I do yesterday? So I do yesterday so yesterday got up quite early the reason was that the pest controller was coming and Pest controller was supposed to be getting in at 730 So it was a good idea to have breakfast and go for my morning walk before the pest controller came so that was done at about 730 pest controller really did come and So I just hung around for a while while he did what pest controllers do sprayed lots of synthetic Pyrethrums around the place to kill cockroaches and other nasty bugs and went under the house and said well I thought it was damp enough for there to be termites, but there aren't any termites So that was that was a couple of hours of just sort of sitting around and waiting Basically and opening doors and windows and things like that when requested So after the pest controller then I think I came to the university And I suppose that I would have got here at around about 11 a.m. There about Um, so what happened yesterday? Okay So I'm writing an article with a colleague and I spent a couple of hours Just doing sort of editing work on it. And then we also spent an hour or two Discussing the latest version and whether he approved or disapproved of the changes that I'd made and the edits and so on somewhere in the middle there there was a an hour or so for lunch and That was just eating lunch locally. So there was Understand there was a faculty lunch on but I didn't go to that Then in the afternoon, I guess I just spent more time editing this wretched paper that just goes on and on and on and on and on and That whole five five thirty something like that Went home I tried doing something else with a computer But it wouldn't work because the net there were network problems and I couldn't print and I couldn't talk with one computer and another Very successfully, so that was a bit irritating But so I spent an hour or two trying to look up some records and not being able to look at them But then 536 or so went home then I went to a Yoga class where I did yoga for roughly an hour and a half Slightly pulled a muscle in my back, which is not very nice. That's what happens when you go to yoga classes and stretch yourself You stretch yourself So then at 8 o'clock went back home had dinner Chatted a bit with my wife and that was about it was about it for the day. Not a very exciting day I know I went home and then Got changed into yoga gear and then went to yoga. No My wife drove we both went yoga. So no, no, we live in Paddington And the yoga was in Bondi Junction So, I mean it's you can we could we could walk but it's about it's about a half-hour walk and a five-minute drive And it seems easy So, I mean there's something sort of basically inconsistent about going off to get some exercise and driving to get back again But anyway, that's the way it is. Well, yeah, I've been going there for quite a while So I know at least sort of, you know superficially and I know quite a few of them. I know I know the names I think of about I can't even remember any of the names at this point Which is terrible, but I know the names of about half of them and I think I know the names of most of the others But I'm not saying sort of yeah I mean there might be a group of say 15 people and any particular time there'll be Ten of them there and five of them off all the off doing something else again There's somebody new or somebody disappeared. I need yeah that started at 630 and It finished at 8 or quarter past 8 or something. Not really. No, no, it wasn't I think it was threatening to but it wasn't actually raining at the time I think it might even have rained during the class, but I was inside and I'm not quite sure. Ah No, no, no phone calls after. Um, when I looked on my mobile I realized that there was a there'd been a phone call on my mobile But my mobile had been turned off but that was my daughter willing to ask me to do something for her Yeah, it's actually the same guys last year. So yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, it was well We didn't have any didn't have too many cockroaches this year So yeah get the same people and that was the same guy So we sort of knew where thing well, I'm quite surprised actually these pest controllers seem to you know They come into your house for two hours and then they come back a year later and they say oh, yeah You've got a you've got a sub floor and you've got an attic and you've got a they know the house That's quite quite remarkable. I'm sure yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I think the pest controller was certainly started about 730 and ended 10 bit after 10 by the time all of the paperwork was Signed and money handed over and that sort of thing. It might have been 10 15. No, I think he was just by himself Oh, I guess I rang about a week or two ago I'm not sure exactly don't remember but this this is a sort of a time of the year for Things sort of tend to quieten down at uni. So it's a good time to get things like this done So yeah, I was I was editing a paper the same paper that I was editing this afternoon and yesterday afternoon and the day before Just one. Yes. Yep. Yep I think we probably had a copy of the paper at lunch disturbed the enjoyment of air. I have no idea that I don't know. I haven't seen any any signs it may it may have been purely local It look I was trying to send stuff to the printer for instance and the printer was just receiving data But not doing anything which well, I mean, you know It might have meant that somebody had sort of tried sending a corrupt file or something to it and that this is just sort of Messed up the local network, but no, they weren't which was a bit irritating Otherwise, I would have printed some things out to take home. But but they were they were sorted this morning So no, no, no, it all disappeared but that might have been because one of the things that I did was I was playing with the printer and I tried canceling that Their current job because if the print is playing up in cancelling their current job can can help. Okay, no comment no comment No, comment. No, comment, no. Comment. No comment. Not common. Not common not common. Not common not common Not common not common not common not common not common No comment. Done.