 Phew, that's hard. So I got up at around about quarter past six, went downstairs, living in a two-story house, had breakfast, went for a walk from about seven to seven thirty roughly. Do you want to know what I had for breakfast or is that sufficient detail? Okay, what did I have for breakfast? I think I probably had some sort of muesli and milk and with milk. So after going for a walk, which was just a walk around where I live, about seven thirty, I think I, seven thirty quarter to eight, I would have gone back upstairs, showered, got dressed and then, and then, and then, probably looked at the computer to see whether there was any email and also to sort of look at my calendar for the day and try and work out what was happening and get myself newly organized to tackle another day. Now I think it was, it was yesterday, yeah, it was yesterday that I was in the car, drove to work. On the way to work I went through Bondi Junction and in Bondi Junction I bought a couple of things. I think I bought some batteries and something else but I can't remember exactly what. It doesn't really matter, I hope. That would have been in coals. Then came to university, started working. So let's see, yesterday morning, it's very hard even to remember what it was yesterday and what was not, what was the day before and so on. But yeah, we had a meeting at about 12 o'clock to discuss marks of students. So I went to that meeting and I guess before the meeting I sat in my office and answered emails and tried writing, tidying up a few documents that need to be written. So the meeting lasted for an hour or so. The meeting finished about one o'clock. I think then I went and had some lunch with a colleague, sat down, ate lunch, chatted for a while. Around two o'clock went back to my office. Once again wrote a few emails, been trying to set up a Google Apps account and I've, I think there was some sort of messing around with that because the Google, I don't know whether you know about Google Apps accounts, but they involve domain names and I didn't have immediate access to the domain name so I had to get hold of somebody who had access to the domain name to fix it up. But that got fixed up in the end. So then around about that sort of thing sorted out. At about 3.30 a student who's doing a summer project came to see me and I guess she had some questions about her project. Project, we managed to get it back on the right track. I'll find out later today I suspect. At around about, around about 5.30 went home and we were going out to dinner with some people that I was at university with many years ago and one of them's a guy who normally lives in the UK but he's visiting here at this time of year and so he was coming through Sydney and so me, my partner, him, his partner and another guy who were also at university with him, his partner, we all went out to dinner. They came around, they came around to my place at about 7.30. I guess we got rid of a bottle of bubbly. About 8 o'clock we went to the restaurant. We stayed at the restaurant till about 11 o'clock and at 11 o'clock I guess we all went sort of out basically we went our separate ways and went home and more or less as soon as I got home I went to bed and that was the end of the day. Enough. No that, that, well it'd be boring to do the same route every but but um no we just sort of wander around different directions, different days and I mean it'll, it'll happen that we'll do the same street over and over again but it's not in any sort of systematic way. It's just sort of we walk for about half an hour. Uh yeah yeah no too early in the morning for that. Uh walk it's been worse. Um not too bad, not too bad. This was um this was a little bit after nine o'clock. If you, I, I sort of tend to wait at home and maybe answer an email or two or something and then try and go out after nine o'clock just because there's so much less traffic and so much easier to get around so no there wasn't too much traffic and it was pretty easy. No no no. Coles, Coles supermarket in Bondi Junction. Uh I drove, I drove. At uni, no it wasn't too bad, wasn't too bad. At this time of year there aren't so many students around and uh well at what time do you, what time do you come in? I mean yeah. Uh coming in 11 is pretty bad but you should, I think at this time of year a lot of people sort of try and come in a bit after nine so if you're, if you're not later than 9 30. It doesn't, oh let's see uh quite possibly but I really can't remember. Um when I, when I go to my office I go into a building straight into a lift, um get out at the floor, walk along the corridor and if somebody's door is open then I'll say hello John, hello Mike, hello Catherine, how are you today, whatever. But I really don't remember at all whether anybody's door was open or whether I said that. It's just sort of, it's so automatic that that I wouldn't know whether I'd done that. At the meeting, oh 15. Uh no they, some of them went to lunch with the students whose marks were being discussed but I just went to lunch with a colleague whom I'm trying to do a research project with and we sort of use the lunchtime break just to sort of catch up and find out what's, what's going on and whether there are any issues and so on. Ah we walked, we walked. Uh somebody, no it was a restaurant very close to where we live, so we walked and the people who were um visiting were also walked. Some others took a taxi from Kooji but I have no idea how much. $20 or something. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, So, yeah they. I guess, I mean, it's probably sort of relevant.