 I can't remember what happened. Probably got up around 10 o'clock, made myself breakfast. I think I had work that day. I think shift started at 5. Yeah, it was supposed to be a 5 to 11 shift and then when I got to work, my boss, my manager, changed it to a 5 to 12 shift so that was a bit of a letdown. And at work it's just mindless drone work. Just putting things on the shelf, that's all. And that took up, yeah, 7 hours of work. Usually 7 hours of work, that's all. Just, well, in the afternoon I just stay at home on my computer. That's all I do, until I have to actually go somewhere. Yeah, games, always games. Yeah, right now it's mostly Battlefield 3. It's just a first person shooter. Recently came out, maybe 2 months ago. Yeah, it's one of the biggest games out right now. Sometimes, like I prefer to play with my friends but then if I'm just really bored at home, I'll just play by myself if I have to. Like against people that are online as well. Yeah, I had to at first to get used to the game but then after that, fine, I'm okay with playing against real people. I had a phone call from my manager to get into work and that was it. Now, work is arranged in the morning as I wake up. So, I got a message from him saying to work 5 to 11 as I woke up. That's normally how it works for me. Nah, nah, I usually keep my Saturdays open just for work. I always drive to work from my house to where it is. Same route every time, time it every time. I know if I'm going to be late or not. Oh, about 15 to 20 minutes max. Nah, normal as usual. Nah, just normal day driving to work. That day I only work with four other people. Normally, there's a maximum of 10 of us usually working. I was just a small load that day, that's all. Four was the minimum requirements to get the work done. Yeah, they're close workmates now. Nah, almost every Saturday whenever I'm available. Other days if there's something special that I have to go to like a family event or a friend's birthday, I would usually put that over work. Yeah, everyone did the 5 to 12 shift. Nah, my boss always goes home after 7 or 8 o'clock. Not really, our team leader, he is very ambitious to get everything done. Nah, if you get it done early, you do something else. It's always like that. There's always something to do. I didn't, I drove, no taxi home, drove my car. Yeah, it's always the same route, back and forth. Better traffic at midnight. Maybe went on my computer for a bit, surf the internet randomly, like YouTube and everything. Then check my emails, YouTube. Maybe just one or two extra from the time I went to work and the time I came back. That day, nothing special. Oh actually, there was a soccer game that was happening around 11.45, I think my friend said, and we were going to meet up at his place to watch it. And then that ended up cancelling, so not much happened after that. I'm not sure, I wasn't given a reason, it was just cancelled. I didn't ask further than that. Just go to his house or just... Oh yeah, I see them fairly regularly, at least once a week. No, usually around 10 or 11. 10 or 11, yeah. No, I don't like my mornings. Getting up today was a struggle. No, get out of bed, go straight to the computer. Sunday, oh Sunday I went to a friend's place. Meet up, usually have a gym session at his place. Usually a bunch of friends, we all do that every Sunday. There were about four of us this week. You know, four to six sometimes. No, it's always the same people that come every Sunday. Yeah, same house. Drove, I always drive. Yeah, drove home as well. It's about a 20 minute drive. No, it's in the opposite direction of where I work actually. Got there 11.30. Stayed there till about 2 o'clock and then we went out to eat and went back there. Somewhere in Eastwood, some Japanese restaurant. We drove, yeah. No, that was my first time but I think they've been there before. No, maybe just one or two times that they've been there. Nothing, not regular customers. Yeah, the food was nice. I wouldn't mind going again. We came at a time when they were closing for lunch. So there was only about one other table full of people there. No, I didn't know anyone. We stayed there for about an hour and then we went back to... No, it was 2 to 3, yep. Headed home around 4. I had a dinner date with one of my friends. It's her birthday today actually. That's why we had dinner. Yeah, it was not... I booked a restaurant and I was in. And we just drove up. Got there at 7.10. No, we... I've only been there once before. She's never been there before. No, no, no, it was a different restaurant. Yeah, one day. I think we stayed there for about an hour and a half, maybe two hours. It was a steakhouse, steakhouse. Yeah, good food. Yeah, pretty crowded. A lot of birthdays there. They kept singing happy birthday, I think maybe three times while we were there. Very reluctant to have that. So I restrained myself to not do that. Alright, you want me to say no comment? Okay. No comment. Very cold.