 Did you get any more applicants? Yeah. Oh, when the semester starts. Alright. Oh, I think I got up at 10 o'clock because I had work at 12 and so gives me time to shower, eat, get ready and whatnot. Then headed to work. Um, did one hour of my normal work and then for the rest of the four hours of the shift, I was asked to work in a different section with better pay. So I, of course, accepted that. And then now it's become a weekly thing to do that for work every Saturday. And then right after work, I had to get ready for Christmas party at a friend's place in Bankstown. And that was one long night with a lot of interesting things. A few friends got drunk and they're on inhibitions of their, I guess I would say, their fondness for each other. But then there are two male friends and one of them has a girlfriend already and then they're just kind of playing around. But yeah, it was... A lot of just bad jokes here and there about that, that's all. No. No, no fights, no fights. Um, while I was there, there was only one person that threw up, so it wasn't that bad. Um, we exchanged Christmas presents that night as well. That was good. I got myself a bike light, which I kind of needed for my new bike. Um, yeah, that's it. That really happened. Not much else to say. I headed home at like around 1am. No, we drove. I didn't drive this time, my friend drove. No, they haven't. I drank a bit and then I was sober by the time we were heading home. Three... Three standard drinks, I reckon. Not that much. I think there were 10 or 11 of us. Yeah, I could count the people right now if you want. It was me, one, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. Yeah, it was 11. It was 11 of us. No, they were all high school friends and partners of the high school friends. So we've all known each other for a while. At minimum two years. Some of us 10, 11 years. Yeah, from the partners of the high school friends of the new entry. But they've... The latest one was two years, so... Yeah, we've all known each other for a while now. Yeah, always bringing up old jokes. We got there around 7.30. I went home first to get ready, shower and everything. And then I went, then we went to the party. No, no, no theme or anything. It was just casual wear. Everyone was casual. 1am. I played a bit of games before I went to bed. And then probably hit the hay around 2.30. Battlefield, always online. Yeah, online. A few of my friends were playing with me and then we were versing random people. None of them were connected online. One of them was and then a few that I just associate through the game. I have met them once, like as a friend of a friend. But yeah, I just mostly talked to them through online. No, it's just like, see whoever's online is online. That's how it is. Yeah, everyone's... New South Wales, Sydney. Yeah, that night. Oh, today. Showered, brushed my teeth, ate breakfast and then headed to work. That's all. Oh, yeah. Oh, I checked my emails, YouTube the bit, watched an episode of The League. Do you know what that is? It's a TV show in America about fantasy football league. That's all it is. Yeah, I think it's pretty funny. On average 25 minutes. No, because you... I downloaded. No, it's legal, isn't it? No? I have no idea either. Premises say it's legal. No, I always drive by myself. Yeah, same. Oh, sometimes at night, I drive one of my workmates home only because he usually walks to work and it's okay for him to walk to work because it's during the day but then walking home at like 11, 12 o'clock sometimes. Yeah, I finished at 5 o'clock then on Saturday. Yeah, straight home, showered, ate and then went to the party. Handbaggers. Yeah, yeah. The one in Fairfield. Yeah, that's one of the... the closest one to my house. So I go to that one. I had to do a bit of a detour but yeah. And maybe added in three to four minutes. Um, at least once a month, maybe a bit more whenever I just feel like it. No, no. No, nothing interesting, nothing special. I got picked up. No, different people would drive me there and then a different person drove me home. Different car. Uh, yeah, there was one other friend. Yeah, we picked up another friend on the way there. Four of us in there. We probably got to her house at around 7? 6.45. Yeah. Uh, yeah, it's kind of on the way. Yeah. No, not me. One of my friends. Yes, they drink way too much. They played this game. I forgot what it's called but it's basically... There's a pot in the middle and then you pour how much you want and then you flip a coin. If you get it right, you don't have to drink it. It passes on to the next person and then they pour as much and they flip the coin again and it keeps going. One of my friends, at least... A pot this big, that much of liquor. It was close to midnight. It was dying down but it was still interesting. They're renting that place out themselves. Oh, no. They didn't damage anything. It was just... He went straight to the toilet. So it was good. Uh, we had... It was prawns, nachos and mashed potato and wicked wings from KFC and just assorted lollies. I did not. Yeah, a bunch of my friends, various friends just brought food here and there. That's all. Alright. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. All right.