 Okay, so on Sunday I got up at 8.30. Sunday we were gonna go out to the city as a family day outing. So it's with my parents, my brother, my sister-in-law and my nephew. I got up at 8.30, got changed and everything. We left the house at 9.30. We had to take two cars because there were five of us and a baby. Yeah, so two cars. It was me and my dad in one car and the rest of them in the other car. It took a while to get to the city because we didn't live too close to it. I actually got lost trying to find a car park and I don't know how I ended up on the Harbour Bridge. So I had to go through the Harbour Bridge and then come back and then find a parking. That took an extra 30 minutes. We parked at this parking and it was pretty good. It was 10 bucks for the whole day. But the other car that had my brother and everyone in it, they parked at another car park that was five dollars a day. So that was pretty good. I think it was like a some kind of Sunday special for families. So me and my dad met them at around 11-ish, I think. 11-ish at Darling Harbour. Yeah, and then we had brunch at some Japanese restaurant. It was pretty nice there but really expensive. Probably not worth it. But yeah, that was good. It was a good day. And then this was the morning so it was really sunny. And then suddenly the weather just changed and it was just raining and thunderstorming. So we were stuck at the restaurant for like an hour trying to see if the rain would go away but it didn't. And then because the plan was to just walk around the city and have a good day out. But then the weather destroyed everything so we started to head home. Yeah, that was a crazy drive because it was raining pretty hard. But when we got back home, this was about two, three-ish. When we got home, because where we live it was pretty dry. It wasn't raining at all. So that wasn't cool. And then at night we went out for dinner again at this Chinese restaurant that we always go to. That day there was a special set menu. It was like a banquet. That was really, really good. We had I think six dishes. We had a crab dish that was really nice which they specialise in. A tamarind crab. It was really good. Yeah, that's about it. They have a fish tank there. They have a few fish tanks there and my nephew really likes the fish there. So he can barely walk but he'll just try and walk up to it and tap the window and try and play with the fish. But yeah, so that's about it. We got back at around I think 8.30. So we were there for around two, two and a half hours. Got back at 8.30. Didn't do much. Watched some TV. Actually, I didn't watch TV. I watched Saturday Night Live. Saturday Night Live from the States. That was really good. It was a really good episode. It was super funny. There was one segment that had three special guests and that was really funny. Like probably the best skit I've seen so far. That was really good. That show goes around for an hour and a half. So yeah, I just slept afterwards around 10.30, 11 or so. Yeah, a few SMSs to my friend because he was in Thailand. He's back today, but he was in Thailand and just asking him how he was. He said he took some drinks, some special drinks and yeah, had a lot of fun there. Yeah, mushroom, some special mushrooms. Yeah, yeah, some special drinks. There was five adults. So my parents, my brother, my sister-in-law and me and then my nephew. He is 11 months. Yeah, so almost a year old. He's been trying to walk, which is pretty quick. He's only 11 months. He has been trying to walk, but he's still pretty scared. He can walk on grass. He can run a bit on grass. But otherwise, because we have tiles at home, he's a bit scared to walk on them. Yeah, yeah, six a lot. Not one because each car fits five. Two. There were three. Three. Yeah, three in the other car and a baby. Yeah. I took the M4. Yeah, I took the M4 and then down Parramatta Road. I think my brother took M4 and then down to Anzac Bridge. Yeah, that's how we got lost. Yeah, we separated. No, I thought I knew the way, but apparently I didn't. Yeah, I think I missed the parking and then the street just led me onto the Harbour Bridge somehow. I don't know how I got there. Yeah, near Darling Harbour, like the convention centre or something. Yeah, no, I parked at the $10 one and he parked at the $5. No, no, no. So I just parked at the $10 one, which I usually park at. About half an hour because I didn't know how to get back onto the bridge because I got off and then I think it was Kirribilli or something and then I had no idea where it was. So yeah, I tried to get back on. They were waiting at Darling Harbour where, because they have all the grass area now and then yeah, they were just waiting there for us. My mum took my nephew on those little train rides. So that took half an hour. So that was good because it took us half an hour to get there. So it was perfect timing. Um, probably around 12 or 30. Yeah, about an hour or so. Um, I think it was around 2, 2 or so because the weather just wasn't clearing up. It was, it was wet. It was, yeah, um, yeah, I went by the Anzac Bridge. I came in the other way, but I went down to Anzac Bridge. Um, traffic wasn't too bad. It wasn't too bad. Yeah. Um, yes. Yeah. Um, the set cost, I think it was, it was a banquet. I think it was $200 and something dollars. I'm not too sure. All out. Yeah. So it was pretty good. Yes.