 I got up at 7.30, got ready to go to the market for work. I think I got downstairs at about 8 o'clock. We live in a two storey, I got downstairs at 8 o'clock, made some tea and had some bread. And then it was really rushed to get to the car and then to the market. So I think we left at around 8.30. There weren't many cars on the road to the market. It was about a 15 minute drive there. When we got there it was pretty good, we got parking close to the entrance. It was good because we had to bring a lot of the frames that we made that day because the customers were picking them up. There were about 8 frames I think. So it was 6 large frames and 2 extra large frames. It was me and my sister-in-law and we had to do 2 trips from the car to our stall to bring the frames in. We got there, it was probably 9, 9.10 or so I think and then we got everything set up. And then we had our first customer at 9.30. It was a little girl, a baby girl, I think she was about 3 months old. She was really cute. Yeah so that was our first customer and then it wasn't busy until about midday, so 12 o'clock. And then we got about 3 customers in a row. So that was really busy. So the time between midday and 2 o'clock went by really fast. And then we had our last customer at about 2.30 I think. By 3 o'clock we were done and then we started packing up, got everything back to the car, got home at about 3.30. And then I had to go to the shops because I had a Christmas party on Saturday night so I had to prepare some food. Everyone's going to bring some food. So I went to the shops, went to buy some potatoes, butter, sour cream, I was making mash. Got back home at about 4, 4.30. Started making everything, got everything done by 5.30. Took a quick shower and then got ready, got picked up at 6 o'clock and then it took us about an hour and a half to get to the Christmas party. And then we got there, not everyone was there so I had to wait. It was about 8.30, 9 o'clock that we started actually eating. I was starving so that was great. And then after we ate we opened up our Kris Kringle present. I got what I wanted which was a pair of thongs. I think everyone was pretty happy with their gifts. And then that's about it. I got home at 2am. Our friend drove. No, it took about half an hour to get home because we had to pick other people up, two people and it was in different areas. One was about 10 minutes away from my house and the other one was about 20 minutes away from my house so it was a pretty long trip. Only one person home. The other person went with another friend. No, I just crashed. I was so tired. No, no I didn't. Because I can't really sleep in the car and I feel bad even if I do because of the person driving. I think there were 10 people. Yes, 10 people. Half of the people went home, half stayed over because they couldn't move anymore. Yeah, yeah there were a few. No fights. They got really touchy with one another but they were all boys so that was really fun to watch. Yeah, they got really drunk really because they played this drinking game. It's really weird. You pour however much you want in your cup and then you pour how much you want into a pan or a pot and then you flip a coin. If you say tails and you get tails, you pass on the pot to the next person and if they get it wrong, they have to drink whatever's in the pot. So they got drunk pretty fast. Yeah, around that time, 7.30 or 8 because I have to drop my brother off at work usually. Not on Saturday because it doesn't work on Saturday. We drove, I drove to it. No, it was just me and my sister-in-law. She lives with her. Yeah, no. Yeah, no because we make the frames, we make everything and everything was all done. We just packed it into the car. Yeah, we have a little workshop at the back. Yeah, they were. That's why I had to get them out. It was one trip for her, two trips for me from the car where we parked our car to our stall at the market. No, they were doing getting their moulds done because we do hands and feet mould. No, because we have to order in the boxes and the frames and everything and then yeah, there were new ones as well in between. In between our work hours. I do the invoice and my sister-in-law, she does the moulds and then when someone comes, I'll do, I'll give them their frames and work everything. Yeah, the pickups were but not the new ones. No, it was 2.30 I think, around 2.30. I wasn't sure. I drove. No, I got home and then I drove my car to the market and then when I went to the shops after I got home, I drove my car. Yes, no, she stayed at, no she didn't. I went to the shops by myself. Yeah, it's about a 10 minute drive from my house. No, potatoes, butter and sour cream. And milk, that's it. I didn't have time. Yep. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.