 On Saturday morning I got up at 7.30am, I had a cup of tea and I was ready to go to the markets where I help my sister-in-law out. She does hands and feet moulds for little babies. So we were there, we got there at around 9 or so. We get there early to set up and everything because, yeah, mornings are slow and we take our time doing that. Yeah, pretty much the whole morning, it wasn't that busy until about 12 o'clock. We had an appointment at 12 o'clock so they came which was great. And then after that it was so busy, we had one customer after another. I was just constantly filling out the invoice and she was just constantly making the moulds so that was great. For lunch I had fish and chips, it cost me $5, it was pretty good. But the chips weren't that good, they mixed the new ones with the old ones so I had to pick out the good ones. Yeah, that's about it. In the afternoon, we finished at like 4pm so we got home, put the moulds away, put the stone in the moulds. And then I took my nephew to Coles, we went grocery shopping. I got some grapes, some cheese. And that's about it, head home, play with him for a while and then it was dinner time. I can't really remember what I ate for dinner. No, I was supposed to go out and then it got cancelled so I just stayed home and watched TV. I went to bed at around 11 or so, which is pretty early because I usually go to bed at 12.30 or 1 but it was really tiring. It was a long day and I had to get up early the next day for Sunday march. On Saturday and Sunday we drive there. Because we have to set up everything and my brother takes the van there in the morning earlier, around 6ish, to set everything up. All the tables and everything. On Sunday the weather was so crazy, it was windy, it was raining. Yeah, it was really bad. We were supposed to be there from 10 to 4 but we left at 12 and packed everything up because it wasn't busy and it was raining. And as I was setting up our tent, the wind blew the tent next to us and it hit me on the head. It was so painful. Yeah, lucky there was no bleeding or anything, it was just like a little bump on top of my head. Yeah, that was not nice. Drive into the markets. We don't live that far, we live about 10 minutes away so it was good. Parking was a bit hard because it was a good day, it was a sunny day so usually there's heaps of people there in the mornings. Yeah, so it takes about 15 minutes from leaving our house to getting there to the market. Yeah, we are next to, on our left, the store, the guy sells shoes. He's really nice, he's been there for 10 years. We just started our business. In front of us is a clothing store, so just random clothes, male, female. And to the right of us, it's a key maker, so he does all the... And he's pretty aggressive to the patients, I mean, not patients, to the customers. And yeah, he's always like, no, I can't do any cheaper, this is what you're getting, you have to get this key for this. And it's a lot of screaming but I guess he gets the work done, that's why people come. And behind us, there's always a rotation of people. This Saturday is one, they were selling jewellery and I think just like clothing. And there was just constant smoking and we're undercover, we're sheltered. And there was constant smoking and swearing. And it's really bad for us because we get little kids, we get babies coming to us. That was terrible. No, that was the first time. Hopefully you won't get them again. Hopefully not, it was terrible. Do you get a lot of kids? Yeah, sort of, but it's like, they don't come like all the time. It's usually they have their first kid, they like what we did and then they'll come again. No, that was a redo because the moulds didn't turn out well. So they were happy to come to us because either we can go to their house and do it again or they come to us. Because we usually do it at the market. We had eight, yeah, one after another. Only the one that came at 12 because they came the week before. It was probably around three. I bought the lunch and then I couldn't eat it straight away because as soon as I got back to our store, there was another customer so I had to serve them and then it was just one after another. Sorry, how much? $5. Yeah, I've been getting it. I got it last week as well. Yeah, it was pretty nice. There's really not much else to eat there apart from kebabs and polutipop. Yeah, that's about it. I don't think she did, but when I went to, because there's a little trailer thing that sells kebabs and pide and drinks and stuff. I went there to get my can of Coke and it cost $2. But then I gave her $2 and then I think it was her son or something came after me and said, no, you only need to pay $1.50 because you're a store owner as well. I'll let my mother know next time that we'll charge you $1.50 instead of $2. It'd be nice. So you went somewhere, you went to get your can? Yeah, different places. I drove. No, not really because the one I go to usually it's pretty isolated. It's a new shopping complex so there's not many people there. And yeah, it didn't take long either, it takes about seven, eight minutes to get there. Not really. They always have new stuff I find. Yeah, it's not really anyone that I see constantly there. Not really, no, because our clients come from different areas. Even though we only take care of our specific local area, there's customers from other areas coming to us. And they come in...