 Okay, I got up around 2 o'clock. It was very late in the afternoon so I didn't really want to go out. I just woke up, I watched TV a bit and then I went to the bathroom, did my girly stuff, what I do in the bathroom and then I ate breakfast, what my mum cooked in the morning before hopping onto my laptop and just browsing, checking my emails, going on Facebook, just doing the usual. And then before all that, I went back to watch TV since it was getting late at night and there was nothing to do since I woke up late. I think I watched a movie that was on on Saturday before I went back onto my laptop, chatted to some of my friends, called some of my friends as well, my boyfriend, and I went back to the bathroom and went to sleep. So that was my day. Did you sleep late? Yeah, I usually do. Did you have a rest for that? I was just so lazy now since it's holidays, it's a break. Would you have to get up? No, just because it's a break. Uni I'll get up before the class starts and everything. Did you learn how to cook? No, I had to work. Work goes on. It's a family restaurant so I work from morning to 8 o'clock. What did you have for breakfast? I think it was, I'm not sure, maybe a cartoon show. There's nothing really on on Saturdays, there was mainly Formula 1s and I don't watch them. What was breakfast? What my mum cooked, maybe mainly rice and vegetables. Lunch was pretty much the same thing, that's what I ate all day. I think just a few junk meals and nothing really important like advertising, that's it. Yeah, I did. Just the ones that went overseas, I just asked them how they went, like how overseas like right now and how I'm going right now and that's all. How many did you eat? We didn't sit around. Two? Two. Yeah, my movie, I think it was The Replacement, yeah. That goes around two and a half hours, I think. 7.30, I'm not sure. Yeah. Friends book? Yeah, my boyfriend before 6.30 till I watch the movie 7.30. Yeah, just from the boyfriend and friends, that's all. Nothing really to do. Is your best company? Yeah, I go online and read the news, what's on around the world, that's all I do. My Sunday, Sunday I work full day with my family. I wake up at 7 o'clock and my dad comes over to drive me all the way to work. It takes around 30 minutes to get there and then when we get there, we have to start straight away. So it's only me and my parents working that day and it's usually a busy, busy day but I'm like good at what I do so we don't need more people to help us around. So I just work full day, talking to the customers, serving them, helping my parents throughout the day with the food, cooking the food for like a Monday so it's ready on Monday. Watching TV while there's no customers and then packing the food at night time when it gets late and then there's no more customers. We usually repack like, what do you call it, put the drinks on the fridge so it's ready for the next day so it's not all back so we just bring everything forward and then we go home. That's my Sunday. 14 hours? Yeah it is. It goes on for like the whole day so around 50. Yeah I usually see regulars like every time I work because I work like three weeks, three days a week so I see them and I've been working for like over six, six years now so yeah I see them. Approximately 10 at least. 30 minutes. And my dad, he, because we bought a new house and then he needs to like look after the house for like six months in order for us to rent it after so he just goes to stay there for six months while we live in our own house so he just comes over to drive us once I get a call from him so I just get out. Like three minute drive from where we live. Yeah we do like it's like a family business I just eat any time I want so when I want to eat I just, but I don't eat a lot so there's not there's not really much eating but my parents always scream for me to eat. Yeah I'm not just, I'm not hungry throughout the day. I serve customers like what they want and then I put the food in to the oil, make the food, put their, what they might grab like bread or drinks I put it in the bag, add everything up, give it back to them. Yeah that's what basically what I do. Wrap the food up. Yeah. And your other tasks? Um yeah every day when I go to work. Does it mean anything? Um nah it's probably pretty much the same every day. 14 hours. Um eight when I. How'd you get? I got home by car with my mum this time since we have two cars so my mum goes home first since she needs to look after the kids as well and then my dad goes shopping like Woolies or Coles who like check for food in our shop. What are their questions? No comment. blue ah I'm meant to say no comment no comment no comment no comment his sweetheart oh I meant to say no comment no commentblem ne komé, ne komé, ne komé, ne komé, ne komé.