 Sure, so on Monday I didn't go to uni, I woke up probably around 8 o'clock and I decided to do a bit of a spring clean at home. So I basically just got up, showered, had breakfast and then started by sweeping the floor and then I went through all my belongings in my study room and my bookshelf and then I cleaned all that in my bedroom as well. It basically took me up until, quite a few hours, so up until about 5 o'clock I decided to start. Well I only started about maybe 11 o'clock. And yeah, so I had lunch in between and finished about 5 o'clock and then my sister came home from work and we just made dinner and had dinner and then later on I just picked up my mum from work and she finished around 9 o'clock at night. And then yeah, that was pretty much the end of the day, I wasn't particularly filled with anything. I just sort of procrastinated, watched a bit of television, decided what I was going to do and yeah, that was about it. Well there's not a particular reason why, I had a bit of a full on weekend so I decided not to come in on Monday, I just decided to give myself the day off. Because on the weekend I had a family barbecue that involved a lot of preparing and cleaning and that sort of thing. And also did a bit of errands and shopping and things like that, getting ready for the holidays coming up. Yeah, I don't remember when I did it but I would have checked my emails and probably called my boyfriend at some point during the day and sent some messages and things like that to friends. So typically I will go somewhere, so Monday wasn't really a typical day for me. But yeah, generally I'd wake up at maybe 7.30 or something like that to either go to a placement that I'm at or to uni. So yeah, it was a bit of a sleep in. I had lunch at home, what I ate was I had leftovers from the previous day's barbecue. I had just salad and just potato mash that I'd made the day before. No, I really didn't go out at all, the weather was pretty bad. She probably came home around 5.30 or maybe 6 o'clock and I think I probably picked her up from the train station because it was raining, I think. Pretty bad weather that day, it was quite windy. We were going to go for a bike ride but then we were a bit lazy and didn't go. So I just drove, it's not very far, it was only just a few minutes. And yeah, I picked her up from the train station after work. Yeah, well she just texted me I guess on the way home and just let me know she was on her way and just went to pick her up. And yeah, it's just the usual. Like we do that quite often, so we just have a routine. I do go into the parking lot and then just sort of wait there for her. Sometimes I will park in the disabled parking for a few minutes. But yeah, I do sort of wait for her. I don't just pick her up off the side of the street. Well I timed it pretty well so I probably had to wait about a minute or so. My mum, yeah. I picked my mum up from work. And then, so basically, she's a nurse so she sometimes will start her shift in the middle of the day and then finish it around 8.30 or 9 o'clock. So she just called and then I went and picked her up. It takes about 15 minutes to drive there. And then I just picked her up from outside the hospital and came back. And no, none of that time there was hardly any traffic. I think it was sprinkling a bit at that time. But no, apart from that it was fine. And yeah, I just took the usual route which sort of follows the railway line and goes past some shops and things. And yeah, there was no incident. Sometimes people will drive a bit haphazardly around that area. But yeah, nothing on that day. Well I haven't been involved in anything serious but it's just that sometimes people, there's a few intersections where people will sort of be impatient and then try to come out of the intersection when there's not really a safe gap and then you have to brake quite hard to let them go and prevent an accident. Yeah, so that's probably the only thing. Yeah, I did actually. I had the radio on for quite a few hours just on Today FM listening to popular type music. And then, what else did I do? Yeah, I didn't have it on the whole time because after a while I got sick of it and just had it off for a while. So the silence was quite nice. I found it quite calming and although I was a bit overwhelmed by how much things I had accumulated over the years. So yeah, I threw out probably about two big bags into the general waste bin and then a big chunk of recycling things as well, papers to recycle. They were mainly, yeah, I think mainly study notes and just sort of paperwork from previous jobs from a while ago that I just didn't need anymore. Yeah, mainly just uni notes and things like that. I think some of them I probably should have shredded but I just sort of ripped them up into a few pieces and then threw them out. Probably maybe 3% of the load here, so not that much. Well, just the news, just morning shows which aren't very entertaining. But I just was, I guess, eating breakfast and watching them at the same time. Then I decided I should probably do some work so that's when I swept the floor. Yeah. No for breakfast, I think I had probably, I think I probably had toast and maybe yogurt and fruit, like banana or something for lunch. Yeah. For dinner we had noodles that my mum had cooked previously. So we didn't actually cook that either. Yes, yes we did. We cleaned up. Yeah, just washed up and that was about it. When I got, you mean when I was eating dinner or? Oh, we did watch TV sort of before we ate dinner or while we were eating dinner. We watched Modern Family, that was on TV. It was pretty funny and I think, you know, after my mum came home, we watched a bit more TV but I don't really remember what was on. Yeah, I don't remember, no. But I remember what I watched last night. So you're only interested in Monday, well in that case, no, I don't remember. It couldn't have been anything too interesting then, yeah. No comment No comment