 Okay, so on Monday I woke up at around 7.30 and then I probably slept in for another 15 minutes or so and then I just I had to go to a placement that day which is sort of in Bankstown. So I firstly had a shower, got dressed and then went downstairs to breakfast and then yeah and then about probably 8.35 I drove to Bankstown and got there about nine o'clock and then saw a couple of people during the day, wrote some notes and left around just before 5 and then drove home and then my after my sister came home from work we went for just a short bike ride around the park and then we had dinner and watched tv and that was it. We were watching Modern Family again that was on and yeah probably just the news and yeah just some random things. No we had it not that day. No, well I would have spoken to my boyfriend that night probably before I went to bed so probably around probably around 10.30 probably around 20 minutes or half an hour or so. Yeah usually just before bed and then although it's probably not the best time because we both well I was tired and so it's more of a how was your day sort of thing and then going to bed. No usually oh yeah probably yeah usually around 10.30-11 depending what time I have to wake up the next. Yeah well yeah well I don't need to press the snooze button I just have a good internal body clock so I can go back to sleep for 10-15 minutes and I'll be checking my phone every five minutes or so. But yeah no I enjoy that and then I can I get up you know not too much after 15 minutes snoozing. Well I've been there for six months now so tomorrow's my last day and then that will be it so it's a bit sad because saying goodbye to some nice people but we're just going to go out for lunch and that sort of thing. Well I drove so it was only about 20-25 minute drive. Oh no no because well because no because it's a bit dangerous and also I would have to catch two trains and a bus so it'll just be insanely long. Yeah just two I saw and it's an anxiety clinic so mainly treating anxiety. Yeah so I've been seeing them probably for about at least three months or more. Only an hour so each session's an hour which can be a bit difficult sometimes to keep to an hour but people are more talkative I was able to keep it to an hour for both of them. Oh no my another intern and myself went to the staff cafeteria in the hospital for lunch and well I had brought my own lunch she bought some like rice and vegetables and no I didn't buy a drink. No but I had coffee at home just instant coffee because I was feeling a bit. No no I didn't because it was mainly sort of nurses and people who work just within the hospital alone so we don't sort of see them that much because our clinic's a little bit separate. In my clinic there's two full-time psychologists and two interns including myself and the receptionist so it's pretty small. Yeah so yeah know them pretty well the receptionist pretty she's just an older lady and she's worked there for a really long time so yeah we know her pretty well she's pretty lovely and my supervisor who's the clinic manager as well he's really great and yeah. Oh no with my sister when we got home yeah I left around just before five o'clock oh no no we just got home and then got our bikes and rode around the park which is just very to us just down the street. Probably not more than half an hour yeah just before dinner. So probably well by the time my sister came home that was around before six o'clock so maybe we got home around you know 6 40 or something like that after bike riding. Yeah pretty much so in the afternoon when I was at Bankstown I just wrote up the session notes and then because it's my last week I was sort of finalizing files and checking that everything was everything was written and signed and things. We didn't I didn't have to do any emails but I did sort of have to use this computer program to put just log the times that I'd seen my clients so I just had to update the computer program and oh yeah so yep so Tuesday I just sort of was meant to well I didn't come to uni because I didn't have to test so I kind of have taken an early leave from uni and yeah so I just sort of what I did was I stayed at home um I bought my boyfriend a bike recently and he we went to get that fixed because he's on he's on holidays at the moment so yeah we just had to take the seat down and um replace seats so we went for a bike ride as well um what else oh I did some Christmas shopping as well which was um just at Hurstville at Westfield yeah it's not really that big it's pretty small um and there's tons of people who go there because it's just the local one um for there's not that many shopping centers good shopping centers around there um yeah so basically parking was pretty hard to find but I was able to back into a small space and it was okay um not too many maybe about maybe about five or so yeah yeah yeah we drove there um we had McDonald's for lunch not particularly healthy and um yeah we just bought a couple of things um oh you just bought some like chocolate presents and things like Christmas um no uh no we didn't we didn't run into anyone there's tons of people though um so looked like lots of people were sort of having holidays or I don't know what but there was just stacks of people um and we went sort of um around lunchtime so even though it was lunchtime we thought people might be leaving there weren't really that many people leaving a lot of people still coming and wanting to park uh only it only took like seven minutes short yeah yeah it's very close um um I have before that takes about half an hour but there's a quite a massive hill that you have to walk up um so that's not pleasant no no I think I'd be able to get up the hill yeah I only recently learned how to ride a bike so I'm not particularly um adept at certain things still um how long I suppose uh only about two hours or so yeah and then we left because we're just getting tired and there's just way too many people hmm oh she didn't um no she didn't meet us there that day um we just we just sort of on that day oh she had work that day well she works every day and then yeah I think we went for a drug as well.