 Tuesday morning, um, I woke up and then ate breakfast, which was cereal, and then I got driven to the station, and then caught a train out to uni, and then got to uni, and then, and then 8.30, quarter past nine, I got driven to the station, and then train, and then bus, and then bus ride, it was good, it was good, uh, as in no drama, as in nothing happened, it was an ordinary trip, nope, um, just sat and listened to music, because that's what I always do, um, if I met someone on the train, or if you know, anything out of the ordinary happened, but it was just a normal trip, and nothing happened, music, many different type of nosy, um, a lot of things, so just like, rock, hip hop, R&B, pop, and don't tell me to list the artists or the song. 40 minute? Yep. Um, no, I didn't listen to that because I was listening on my phone, I didn't want to kill the battery. I just sat there, and looked out the window, yes, depends if I can get a seat next to the window, changes, yes, because I get to look outside, I saw everything that went past, like buildings and cars, and people, nope, no, I see it every day. Um, I went and had a meeting with Yowie, it was just a chat for about an hour, and then went and had lunch, and then went and got ice cream on Anzac Parade, and then went back to contact to do some thesis work, um, and then I went to the gym, um, went on the treadmill, and then afterwards went and had Thai on Anzac, and then Macca's ice cream, and then went home, and then watched the Olympics, twice. Uh, first time was with Andrew, second time was with Andrew and Brennan, no. Uh, first time was just because I wanted ice cream, um, second time was because Andrew needed to pee, and then I felt bad not buying anything. Where? Soft serve. Yeah, it was okay, because it was ordinary. Um, I would have preferred to have gotten nothing instead, because I felt bad for not buying anything, because Andrew needed to pee. Yeah, but I feel bad. No, it's because it was closed, and it was a nice space to just work when no one was there. Um, a bit. I got analysis of results done, emailed my supervisor with the details, working through the next ethics application, so yeah. Um, sort of, I think. If I can get the next survey out by the end of next week, then yeah. Uh, two months and ten days. Um, it shouldn't take too long if I just like sit down and nut it all out. Mm, I don't know. It's not something I'd, you know, actively go out and do, because it's more work. Um, it is, but it's not something I'll do, I'll be, you know, studying later on, you know, in the workplace, because it was the most interesting out of all of them there. Now, I'm interested in it, but I'm not going to use it later on, because it's very tedious work right now. It's not actually exploring the topic, it's just all data analysis and, you know, numbers right now. It is, it is, but it's not, you know, it's not practical research right now. It's very data-driven analysis. It's not me going out into the field and doing stuff. Um, I don't know how you could with a topic like mine, because it's not exactly ethical to go out and manipulate and bully people. So the only way is really to do survey. You know, if there was some way to actually go out into the field and deal first-hand with victims of bullying or something, that would have been a lot more engaging. Uh, companies don't like doing that, especially because that means, you know, that they're kind of admitting that they have bullies. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no commont, no comment, com.