 On Sunday, I woke up quite late at 11, had cereal, then I went to the shop and bought a new pair of running shorts, then came home and got ready to go to a 21st birthday in Earlwood. Yep, got driven out to the station, caught a train to Central and then caught a bus from Central to Earlwood, met up with Gabby along the way, got to Azzy's at about 1.30, party started at 11 and there were only six people there at 1.30, and then just sat and talked and then they started cooking the barbecue. So we had food, very good chicken skewers and garlic sauce and bread and then oh there's a bar tab and the cider was pretty bad, even though it was the one we have at Yardhouse and the bartender kept swearing because she couldn't work the tap properly. And then you know people showed up so we added tables together and then more and more people showed up and just sitting there talking about random stuff and then there was a cheesecake, yes it was a cheesecake, then group photo, then more talking and then Carissa drove me home and then I watched the Olympics and then it was stupid road cycling all night, interspersed with random you know interesting sports but instead I had to sit and watch through a few hours of road cycling of people just you know riding together and not going to win. And then yeah and that was the end of that. Oh and then I got a call, no I didn't get a call, but way back at Aziz I got a call from Pete about my interview. He'd already called one applicant like half an hour before me who was also at Aziz so I knew the call was coming. But yeah so that call was good, way too formal though, but yes so that call came. But yes now fast forward back to the other day and that was the end of the day. A few hours, probably around 7.30pm. What other event? Oh the other events kept coming in between ad break so they just randomly show up at points throughout the night. In total maybe about four, highlight of my event or the highlight? Probably the swimming. I think it was the heats, the women's medley 100 freestyle medley where we qualified for that was probably good. You just do they swim freestyle in a medley fashion? Yes the relay but it's called a medley. Yeah but they called it a medley. Pretty sure it was freestyle medley. No it was all 100 metres, no it was a medley. Yes. What route? From home or from where? From home, got driven out to Canning Val Station, then took a train to Central and then from Central caught a bus that took me to Elwood because there was track work on that line. Without track work? Yes but it would have taken longer than if I'd just taken a bus from Central. A 3.12, 40 minutes. Entire journey took 115 minutes. The train trip, party was good, it was very good with food. The food, people were okay, I was talking to like some losers for a lot of the time. Everyone there I already knew, so there was no point talking to people that I see quite often. No outside friends. His dad was there but not for very long. I stayed there till about 6.30. I'm not sure, people were still going when I left because Carissa was going home and she was driving me home because she, I don't know, she didn't give a reason. I did but I didn't want to train at home. It would have taken another 40 minutes to get back to Central and then another 50 to 60 minutes training at home and then 15 minutes from the station so it would have taken quite a while. I get picked up. Yeah, that is the closest station. Are you kidding me? You know how far that is? Okay, crazy. I could have but what's the point if they're driving home? Yep, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, comment, no comment, no comment no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, comment no comment no comment no comment no comment