 Morning yesterday. I got up, had breakfast, then I caught the train to uni. Caught the train with a friend who fell asleep, so I took a photo of him, posted on Facebook. Then he untagged it. This is very unflattering. Got to uni at about about 10. Then I was just in contact, bludgeoning, did some of my report, did some checkpoints, socialized a lot. Then went to have lunch on the library lawn. It was a really nice day, so we actually sat outside on the lawn. Had goslimi for lunch. Then back to contact, a bit more of the report done. Then went to have lunch with a friend, then just sat and watched her eat some curry, and she took a long time to eat. She kept getting distracted with other news, so it just took forever to eat her food. And then pretty much after that was just more bludgeoning, and then gym for about an hour and a half, and then train ride home, where I was on the phone with a friend for about half an hour. So it made the train ride a lot quicker. And then yeah, home, watched two episodes of Glee, and then went to sleep. Yesterday, or today, yesterday, hmm, I had leftovers from the night before, and that was like some like braised pork type dish with rice. Express, the 895. 895? Yeah, 895. No. On Facebook. During the day, I was in contact for most of the day. Socializing, trying to write my report. Did some checkpoints at contact, then was just pretty much with friends, having lunch and chatting. Goslimi from the Matthews Food Court, and it was delicious. Bit overpriced though, $8. No. Unless you count gym as working hard, then yes. I did 20 minutes on the elliptical, then I did 20 minutes on the bike, and then then a hundred, was it medicine ball raises, lifts, and then some sit-ups, and then a hundred crunches on the big ball. Yeah, and then some weight thing. Yeah, that thing where you pull the weights down, and it goes up. I only caught one bus to go home, and that was the... No, I didn't catch the express. I took a 3-9 something to go to Town Hall. It goes down Anzac Parade, and then turns on to Oxford Street, and then I think it turns on to Elizabeth after that, and that's where I get off at Town Hall near Telstra, Telstra building. After I got home, it was a... Had a shower, had dinner, and then it was onto the computer to try and do some work, and then I ended up just watching two episodes of Glee, and then I went to sleep before midnight. No, I tried to do work, and then I got distracted. No, I watched it on my computer. Glee, two episodes of Glee. They're quite old now, but I've been very behind. I like shows. I haven't watched TV in a very long time, because I'm never home in that time, because I'm always at uni very... well, not late, but it takes a while to get home, so by the time I get home, nothing's ever on TV anymore. No, I had some sort of braised pork type dish with rice. It was good. It was normal rice. It was white rice. Ah, no. Or water. That was it. Okay. Yep. No comment. Cool. I'm sick of the words no- I know.