 Um, yesterday morning I got up, had some breakfast, um, and then pretty much was in front of the computer for most of the day. Um, I was meant to be doing thesis work, um, but I got pretty distracted so I was watching more TV shows. Um, I had my thesis open, um, did a quick read of it though but wasn't, nothing substantial came out of doing that. Um, that was most of the day, then around 4.30, um, a friend picked me up, went to Macca's, uh, had a feedback session. Then after that we went to pick up another friend down at like Panania somewhere, um, and then we drove to Para where we had dinner with a few other people, um, and then we watched The Avengers, um, the really good movie, um, and I made sure not to sit with the comic book nerds, uh, so they took the row behind us and I sat with the normal people so that I wouldn't be distracted by all their comments about, oh this is wrong, oh my god, look at that costume, the colour's wrong. Um, after the movie was pretty much just going home, um, walked through a very quiet, empty, dark car park, um, but found the car eventually, we lost the car because we couldn't remember where we parked it, and then, yeah, then we went home, then I went to sleep and that was the end of yesterday. Yesterday, um, around 10.30, um, I had cereal with milk, normal milk, milk that is normal, that it's not low fat, whole milk, wait, whole milk, yes, whole milk, that's what it is, nope, nope, not with breakfast, um, I don't know, it would have been water, I don't know what time, nope, um, by working, um, I opened the document when I got onto my computer, which is probably around 11.30, um, and it was open for the whole time I was on the computer, but I didn't really do much work on it. I read it, but in terms of writing, no. Uh, probably half an hour into that, so around 12. Uh, Modern Family, uh, around 4, and then what? Oh, and then I got ready to go at 4.30. Um, Modern Family is a TV show about three different families, um, who are all part of the same one big family, but they represent, you know, three slightly odd combinations of people, and the show is just about their experiences with each other. Um, it used to be quite regularly, but I was very busy, so I didn't watch it for a while, and that's why I'm catching up on all of it now. Regularly would be weekly, like when it came out, when the episode came out. No. A friend picked me up, where was the Macca's? It was, uh, at the Prairiewood Macca's, which is about a one minute drive from my house, because he had a car, because we had a car, and we were leaving from there anyway. Um, we took the Cumberland Highway, then we went on to Hume Highway, and then we took the M5 down. No, we drove. Yes. Uh, then we just backtracked. Uh, so we took the M5 back to, um, the Hume, and then we took Cumberland, and then from then on we went along some other road, I don't know what it was, because that was actually the fastest way to pick up a friend. Yep. Which is that night. It was good, didn't expect it. Oh, I should know, I kind of did expect to like it, but it's pretty funny, funnier than I expected. It was a... action? Yeah, action. Yes. No. It was action with funny moments. No. Uh, two and a half hours. Yes, we had dinner. Um, we went to this Chinese restaurant, it was really bad, um, and I had a laksa, because it didn't taste very good, there was no flavouring, and it took a while for them to get the food out at the restaurant. Um, about an hour, it wasn't delicious, and no dessert, no time for dessert, because the movie was about to start. Uh, because we, uh, entered it from the wrong, from the wrong building, I think. Um, and so we were on the wrong floor when we walked into the car park. Uh, level five on the roof, because we couldn't find the way to the rho-. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment.