 yesterday. Yesterday I drove into uni, got a really bad parking spot actually, and it was quite early on so I was quite disappointed. Then I walked to work, I can't quite remember what I did for work. I had to check my emails, answer a few emails, then I started to do some financial stuff, I then started writing some minutes for a meeting that I had in Adelaide last week. Twelve o'clock came about and then a friend that I'd promised to have lunch with messaged me and reminded me that we were having lunch. So I went and met him, we had lunch, I helped him prepare for his interview, that went for about an hour and a half. I then came back to work, worked for another couple of hours, and then I went to the shops, got some groceries, and then I went home, had dinner, and then went to bed. I think I woke up at about seven, seven thirty? I left at approximately eight thirty. I was checking my work emails, I was getting changed, having breakfast, watching a bit of the Olympics, and yeah, that's about it. Packing my bag and then I left. That's generally about how long I take. I can't quite recall for what, my memory isn't that great. About seven, at seven. No, my alarm would have gone off at seven, I can't guarantee that I woke up at seven. I had my usual just right sliced banana and honey on top. I had a cup of tea, white with one sugar. No, I hate coffee, don't like the smell of all the tea, all the coffee breath on people. I have tried coffee, numerous times. There was something I did enjoy when I was a child which was bread and coffee that my father brought me up on, but no, I don't like that. I never think, I think I was in year eleven when I got yelled at by a teacher that had terrible coffee breath. I got turned off coffee. I took the road called Awoba Street, left turn into Arimba Road, then onto Gerrard Street, onto the freeway, into the Harbour Tunnel, onto the Eastern Distributor, onto Anzac Parade, onto Day Avenue and then Park. It's quicker to take the tunnel. No, it was actually a good run, took me about twenty minutes. Ah yes, that usually is very rarely, they have been occasionally. I like to get my brain thinking early, that's right. I'm usually quite a popular person, so I receive emails in between my travel time. Some of them can be, yes. Not that I can recall. I'm employed to check emails, so I should check emails. I had a salad dock market. I had a large spinach lettuce salad with chicken, tomato, cucumber, peas, mushrooms, potato, pumpkin and anchovies. No, not anchovies, I always mess this one up with artichokes. Artichokes. Beep, hum. While I was in Adelaide I had a work meeting there last week, Tuesday and Wednesday the 24th and 25th. We flew in, we drove for about an hour, we had a meeting, discussed several things, had lunch, had more meetings, had a phone conference to our partners in the UK, had more food, went to dinner, got back to our accommodation, slept, had breakfast, went to more meetings, jumped on a plane and then went back home. That's right. We only needed to be there for one night. No. Adelaide, no. It hasn't got that great of a reputation. No. Word of mouth, yes. I trust word of mouth. The part that I saw, nothing great. The equivalent of Canly Vale to Sydney. No. Didn't have time. Didn't have time and I was on work time, so no. No. I'd been too busy at work, so no. It would have been and I would have liked to have, but I didn't have time. Well, we had some people, the people we were meeting, obviously from Adelaide, we also had some people come from Western Australia. No. It was all work. Very professional. Possibly. True. Didn't have time. Actually I did have a small conversation, but I wasn't at all interested in what they were saying, so I ended the conversation there. She was actually from the Netherlands, who currently is visiting and staying at Western Australia. So, no. Nothing special. No. I just interpreted that from her reaction. Couple months. no comment no comment no comment...