 I got up, I had breakfast, I went to work, answered a few emails, talked to a few people, then I went to a class at 6 and that was my day. Nothing good. I warmed up some milk for 30 seconds, put in some cereal, chopped up a banana and had a cup of tea. I take my tea with hot water, tea bag, one small scoop of sugar and a bit of white full cream milk. I walk from my car, which I drove from Mossman to Kensington. I take the Rohingya freeway into the Harbour Tunnel into the Eastern Distributor, out on Anzac Parade, then I park at Kensington. That's incorrect, I don't know what the exact bus route is, I don't think there is a bus route for that route that I drove. I'd have to take a couple of bus routes. I could take numerous buses into the city, then I could also take numerous buses from the city to Kensington. I could throw some at you, my 247, my 175, 180, that would be into the city, then from the city I could catch a 394, 396, 397, or depending on if I got it central I could catch a 393, 399. Which route would you like me to specify? That's incorrect. From Kensington to 6 I would get on at Martin Place, it would go down Elizabeth Street, then it would turn onto Oxford Street, go up Oxford Street, turn right into Flinders Street, then on to Anzac Parade, and then towards Kensington. I did some work. It's secretive, so I'm not too sure I can elaborate. To my knowledge I don't think I spoke to anyone on the phone. Not to my understanding, no. No, I had a class, as I said before. Went for three hours, from 6 to 9pm. I think it was about 20 minutes before 9pm that the lecturer finished the class. It's scheduled for three hours. Yes, on most occasions it does go for three hours. I then had dinner. I had some Thai. I had a red curry from my understanding, and some rice. That's all I had for dinner, yes. I did not make the Thai myself. I brought it from a takeaway shop. I purchased more, I only ate the rice. I also purchased a cashew and chicken nut, chicken and cashew nut stir fry. That's correct. I wasn't that hungry. It's hopefully still in the fridge that I could eat later. No idea. I'm not very good at making curries, but I'd imagine you'd start with a, you'd cook off your meat and your vegetables I would imagine, and then once they're at a, probably about 80% cook, I'd say you'd make your, put in your sauce and then you'll let the rest of it cook for a bit longer. I have no idea to be honest. I didn't make the curry myself. I brought the curry from a takeaway shop. I drove there, because it was too far to walk. Up in Randwick. That's correct. I could have walked, but I was hungry at the time. It was late, it was dark. I preferred to drive. I wouldn't call it laziness, I'd call it a... I went up High Street, turned left into Botany Road, turned right on Belmont Road. It could have been, I didn't take the bus though. I'm not too sure of the bus routes up to that area. Then I drove back down to a friend's place. Probably five minutes drive. Once again, I could have walked, but it was late at night. It was dark. I was hungry. I preferred to drive. Then I ate dinner. Depends what you deem dinner. As soon as I finished my meal, probably close to 20 minutes. Later on in the night I did have some dessert. Ice cream. I had some grape and then I had a cup of tea. And that was about all I consumed that night. In terms of food, I didn't do anything else. As I said, I was eating dinner at a friend's place and then I had my dinner and then I went home. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. comment.