 No problem. I woke up, I checked my emails on my computer, and I had breakfast, had a shower, and I got in my car. No, I didn't get in my car. My sister gave me LFT uni. I then walked to work, I then did some work, had some lunch with a friend, and then went back to work. Worked for the rest of the afternoon, and I went to the gym for a couple of hours, and then I had nice dinner, and then I went to bed. I had a great breakfast. I had Just Right with a whole banana sliced up, and then honey on top, and a nice cup of tea. I have it with milk and one sugar, and usually an English breakfast in the morning. I had... I tried a new cafe out on campus, like down at the Tyree Energy's building. I had roast beef and mustard, and some other interesting sauce that I can't quite... I was too involved in the conversation to actually think about the food that I was eating. It's quite unusual. I prefer not to state what time I woke up yesterday. It was rather late, past 10 o'clock. No, I got a lift. My Siena car. I took from the house that I live at, I took the Rohingya freeway, using the Harbour Tunnel, then through the Domain Tunnel, then through the Ethan Distributor, popped out on Anzac Parade. Then further down on Anzac Parade, we turned left on High Street, and then I jumped out on High Street, passing some fire engines that turned up, because there seemed to be a fire or a fire drill down at the lower campus. I had lunch at approximately 1 o'clock, was our meeting time. I went to the gym. I met my friend at quarter to five, and it was raining, and there was a fire drill in the quad. By the time we got to the gym, it was probably about quarter past five. We went... It was very busy, actually, in the afternoon that we went. All the machines were taken, so unfortunately we had to do the bike first for 20 minutes, 10k. Then, fortunately, as soon as we got off the bike, we happened to find two machines that were free for the elliptical machine. We jumped straight onto them for another 20 minutes. And then, once we got off that, we did some stomach muscle exercises and some weights, and that's pretty much it. What did I have for dinner? It was a very nice dinner. I had spaghetti bolognese, fettuccine bolognese, and some nice beef lasagne, which had a real kick to it, quite nice. No, I didn't, as I said, particularly late, later than usual. No, I like to have it with white, with milk, making it white. My father enjoys black tea, but I don't. I didn't take a bus route. I did a substantial amount of one. Ah, actually, at the moment, we're having, I'm having to submit a document to the government regarding our project, which required a bit of me doing work and emailing several people. I tend to not do too many weights. I think a reasonable amount of weight's good, but not too much. Walking, the best fashion. No, I walk from work to meet my friend, then I walk to the gym. No, I didn't do many weights. I like to do a lot of cardio work, which is involving a lot of running, or stuff that gets your heart rate up a substantial high number, around 170 or 180 heartbeats per minute. So that includes bike running, running, elliptical running, or rowing. No, that's incorrect. I had just right with banana and honey, and a nice warm white tea. I did have milk. I used to be only liking one type of milk, but now I only, I, to be honest, don't mind whatever type of milk's all the same to me now. I, although, I don't like light milk or skim milk. I must have full cream milk. Definitely not must have milk. I didn't. It was takeaway. Delicious. I understand. I just failed the test. No comment.