 Okay, so I watched a game of football and then I did some construction work on my house across the road. Yep, that's pretty much all I did. Rugby League, the greatest game of all. From memory it was about 4pm till 6pm. To the best of my knowledge, yes. It was quite a great game actually. Um, some tough tackles, some really good tries, some controversial decisions, a really good crowd, and the league kept changing and pretty much was only won in the last 30 seconds of the game. That was a really good game all round. Mmm, yes actually there was. There wasn't my normal team, but there is a team that I usually favour in this traditional game. Played every year on this date. There are some decent plays that will probably be playing representative football soon. Um, one of them, the halfback for the Roosters played a very good game. Scored a few tries, set up a lot of good tries himself, but that's as far as I comment really. To the best of my knowledge, there may have been some stoppages, half-timing in between. 40 minutes without stop, that's correct. Usually there are two halves, yes. That's correct. Well, half-time would usually go for about 15 minutes. Um, throughout the whole half you'd usually get stoppages constantly that continually add up. If there's an injury that could even last up to 5 minutes, even 10 minutes in worst case scenarios. Every time the ball gets kicked outfield, it will, the time will get stopped. And these add up over the whole half and a 40 minute half can very easily turn into a 50 minute half. That's correct. Oh, the time, the game isn't limited to hours. It's just, that's what's usually scheduled by broadcasting companies. They fill it with commentators who don't usually know too much. Usually they can bring it back down, but sometimes it does go over time, which hasn't flown effect for the following television shows. It's really only television that affects people at the game themselves don't usually mind what time the game finishes. That's correct. I started roughly at about 7pm, to the best of my knowledge, and I think I left the site at about 11pm. I had dinner. I had a chicken stew. Just a chicken stew. And chocolate cake, actually. Roughly 10 minutes after my chicken stew. I am a fast eater. Uh, sorry, actually, that was sort of a mid-lunch slash dinner. Then afterwards, when I finished, at about 11 o'clock, I had some pasta. I... you could call it two dinners. If dinner's defined as a time eating after 6pm, then yes, I had two dinners. I had pasta and a bit of salad and a chocolate pudding. That's correct. I like to have a three-course meal each time. You caught me out. Um, for my first dinner, I only had two courses. Unless you could call some orange juice as a first... I had a salad. So, aside, I'll deem as a first course. No. Good point. I think I dehydrated last night. I wired up an alarm. That is involved in running a wire from our central location to every place that we want to have a motion sensor. Motion sensors are usually placed wherever there's an entry point to the house and facing away from that entry point so that outside movement doesn't false trigger. So you don't want them pointing at the windows because anything moving outside the windows would cause a false alarm. I placed them in the corner of the walls, facing away from the windows. In rooms such as the main entry room, in bedrooms that had doors leading outside, things like that. Then you would place it in the position that faces... It's pretty much parallel with the windows, looking away from the window. It's usually possible to have an internal room. It's not a... It's not a problem. If it does, it's just undesired. I face it towards windows. This took me a good five hours. I wired up about eight different zones and also a wire for the siren and strobe. That's... Then it only took me four hours of time. It felt like longer. Then I went home. I ate my second dinner and watched some TV. I watched what was called Titanic, but I'm failing to believe that it was the movie that was made by James Cameron and received so much money because it wasn't the movie I remember. I think there's a TV show called Titanic, but then the duration went for the length of a movie. So I'm really confused, to be honest. I actually am legitimately confused. I liked it because I thought it was the movie I was watching. It seemed very similar, but it ended with everyone still out to sea, not rescued. But from my recollection, the movie, the official James Cameron movie, ended with the old lady dropping the necklace off the boat. And that didn't happen. So I'm really confused. I watched till the credits rolled. There was nothing on after that. But then there was a Channel 7 promotion that sort of implied that it was a... Something was happening next week, but the boat already sunk. So I'm really confused. I'm confused. I don't know. No, I don't think it was. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. know and comment.