 on Monday. I had breakfast and then I came into work at about 10am. I had to get a park quite far away actually because everyone else had already come in before me. Then I got to work, answered my usual emails. I think Monday was a bit of a quiet day. And then actually towards the afternoon I ran into a few of my friends who had happened to get some good news, which was I couldn't have been happier to be there at the same time. And then I spent most of the evening with them. We went and saw a game of touch football. A bit uninventful to be honest. And then came home and that was about it. Unfortunately these days around this campus, if you're not in before 9am, it's very difficult to get a park. I was up until 10 or 11 painting on the Sunday night previously. And then when I got home I was working until about 2am. So I didn't go to bed until quite late. Why not? Nope. Nope. Not everything's about money. This is my own personal work anyway, so it was alright. It was not paid employment work because it required the physical energy. So that is the scientific definition of work. Because I do like to get at least 6 hours of sleep. So about 9am, 2am, 2.30am. It was sufficient. I felt refreshed. Um, yes. Um, I didn't have time in the morning to do the work that I need to do. Well I did two types of work. I did physical labour work and then I also did other personal work on a computer from about 10.30am onward to about 2pm. If that's what the maths works out to be. I've always been a night time person rather than a morning person. Very. No one's there to disturb me at night time but in the morning it's more likely that other people could be there to disturb me. Other people who also awaken at that time. If I was to come into work earlier my boss would already be there so that's already being less productive than if I was to do it at night time by myself. Guaranteed to be here 7 o'clock on the dot every morning. Well Eric, he's actually been away for the moment and it's been quite relaxed. I don't have any extra work added on. Um, possible. Because I prefer to work at home. In the night time I do. Um, my household at the moment, their average going to bed time would probably be about 9pm. So no, it was alright. That often happens and I often go to bed when my father awakens. Could have been. Um, not. You can't directly link them being awakened to me being disturbed. I said it would be more likely that I could be disturbed. Possibly but more leading towards no. I don't know to be honest. Possibly, possibly not. I made a judgement call. Still work at home at night time. He'll be back for it shortly. Nope, I prefer to work at home. I was working very hard. It was a quiet day in the fact that I didn't receive any more work but in terms of my work production rate it was quite high. Probably about 6pm. At multiple stages actually. Probably around 3.30pm then later towards 5.30pm towards 6pm. I thankfully managed to run into them while at work. It does. Not always does working mean I have to be sitting at a desk working. Talking to people is just as much equally working as sitting at a desk. I can't quite recall that conversation. Yes I did. 5, 10 minutes. Yeah if that's what you want to say. 2 minute go down to a final hour. Yep, yes. Kind of what I do. I time myself. I get a bit of a thrill out of how fast I can do things. Nope. Nape-honin'. Could you repeat that? No, no. After an hour five or ten minute chat. I can't quite recall what the subject was or how long it went for. I went and did a bit more work and then I packed up. Yes. For dinner. No comms No comment.