 So I woke up at about quarter to eight, I then had breakfast, got into work about quarter to nine, answered my emails, prepared a few documents, had meeting, had lunch, then had meetings from the afternoon to about 4 30 and then at six o'clock I went up and saw a presentation and a speech from a famous Indian man and then I had dinner with a couple of friends and then got home at about 8 30 I think I was, watched some tv then I went to bed. A bit before that about 7 45 I had my usual just right and banana. I had a cup of tea, I did probably about half an hour pretty much because it takes me about half an hour to get to work. I caught a bus and then I walk. I catch depends on where exactly I'm coming from but I usually catch a bus to Wynyard and then I walk from Wynyard to Martin Place and then I catch a bus from Martin Place to UNSW. In terms of what? I caught a bus to Wynyard and then I walked to Martin Place and then I caught a bus from Martin Place to UNSW. Yeah it's not too bad. Depends exactly on the day. Sometimes it can range from a good easy 15 minute trip, sometimes it can be also a 40 minute trip, depends on the traffic but yesterday wasn't too bad, about five minutes. Yep usually that's a consistent amount of time. And now you're walking up here. Yep managed to jump on one straight away. It took me close to 12 and a half minutes. I timed it because I knew I was going to get asked this question. The UNSW bus stopped outside main gate on Anzac Parade. It took six and a half minutes. Yeah sounds probably about right. I said around 8 45 ish. Wasn't exact. Possibly. I don't know if I left exactly at 8 15. Absolutely. I didn't prepare documents before I got to work. I prepared documents once I got to work. Unfortunately that's classified. During the day I had three meetings. One was half an hour, the other two were an hour. My role was pretty much just to sit in the meeting period. Progress update from our researchers. Comment if I feel necessary. Certain times I did, yes. Yes. No. No. I didn't. I wish I wasn't there. I still feel the need to be there. It's good to hear progress. Whether the progress is boring or not. Yeah. The meetings got very technical in nature which is beyond what I need to know for the meeting. I was listening. No. I wouldn't say that. Yes. I think if I'm going to be exact I left my office at quarter past six and I got up to the Clancy Auditorium at 6 18. A slight confusion. Three minutes. No. No. I do it on a very regular basis so I know it takes about three minutes. Uphill. That's correct. Probably 2.65 minutes. Yes. To be honest I didn't actually look at the clock when I walked out of the presentation but I got the general feel. The whole thing maybe an hour but couldn't quite comment exactly. Firstly the first part was a graduation ceremony and the second part was this man's journey to his successes. Yes I did. It was. No. Yes. It wasn't as civil as it could have been. There were some people who persisted with certain questions that were probably inappropriate but nothing out of the usual. I did not. For the purpose of the evening I didn't feel it was appropriate. They were asking very specific questions that probably no one else in the whole entire room would have understood or really been that interested in. It felt like this person had a hidden agenda. I'm not exactly sure. No. No. After this person asked their question I lost respect for the person so I don't really want to talk to them. No. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Nah, comment.