 Okay, so when I woke up I went straight into the kitchen and started making breakfast for Mother's Day. And for breakfast I made, I was making French toast with cornbread. And then we also had garlic, garlic sauteed mushrooms and homemade guacamole as well. And so we had all of that. So I made all of the food for that and then set the table and then mum woke up and we all had breakfast together with the whole family. And then after that we, um, what did I, oh well then I went back into my, kind of cleaning up my room a bit. And I helped pack some clothes for mum because she was going back down to Canberra. And so we packed her clothes and then we packed food and then I drove my brother to work because he had work at one o'clock. And then came home, did a few readings, had a nap which was really nice. And then, uh, I made tea for the whole family. And then mum left around 5.30 and after that I had to pick my brother up from work again at 6. And then I continued doing some more readings and watched TV, made dinner, had dinner with Dad and Vint, my brother. And then what did we do after that? Yeah, nothing much really, just chatted to the whole family and went to bed at like midnight. No, no, my mum bought it from, because she came back from Canberra on Friday night so there's this bakery in Goulburn which is really good. And so she bought cornbread from there and yeah, otherwise I'd normally just use white bread. But it was different. And I thought it'd be sweet and it was sweet except the French toast, like the egg and everything still needed a bit more sugar in it. So I thought it'd be f***ed out. But anyway, that's a different story. No, I thought that it worked well because the cornbread was, um, it was really light and fluffy so it worked well with toast and soaked up all of the whatever it's called, battery stuff. I did make the guacamole. Pardon? When did I? I made it on Sunday morning. So, uh, to make the entire breakfast, maybe 45 minutes-ish? Like, yeah, 45 minutes. Um, yeah, well, because I made the batter stuff for the French toast first and then I, um, cut up all the onion, not the onions, the mushrooms and had that going at the same time as, like, I'd soak one bread in and put that on and, um, while that was all happening I'd do the guacamole at the same time. So it was busy but it was good. It all happened. No, he, I don't know, oh, he was helping Dad in the backyard. He was helping Vince. Oh, Vince was helping him. Uh, my mum was still asleep. Yes, it was a surprise for mum. Yes, and she enjoyed it very much so it was very well. A lot. Uh, yes, we had, uh, no pot tea. Ginger. No, I may say different. Yesterday, I drove from my house to work, to my brother's work, which is about 10 minutes away. So, 10 minutes there, 10 minutes back and then I had to pick him up again. So, 40 minutes. No. Uh, when she left. No, she, because, um, she was driving down to Canberra so we just can't. Uh, no, she'll be doing it, uh, once or twice a month, so every fortnight-ish. Or occasionally we might go down but the next four weekends I'm too busy so I won't see her till mid-June. Um, four different papers, which wasn't enough but it's better than nothing. Uh, yesterday, I would have much rather preferred going for a walk in the park or some bushwalking thing. I just wanted to get outside because it was really pretty and, yeah, I'm finding it's a bit too hectic being in the city all the time. So, it would have been nice to go for a walk or bake. That would have been nice. But uni has to come first at the moment. Yes, I did. I guess that. To make some brownies. Uh, I did cook dinner. Well, I help with dad, so the three. Um, sort of this Brussels sprouts thing. It's the first time I've ever had Brussels sprouts but, um, it had that with, like, curry leaves, mulatto and onion, garlic, all sorts of, it was this random pot that we decided to throw together. It was really nice. No. Oh, we had, like, Lebanese bread. Yeah, standard. Uh, oh, well, dessert I always have, like, a piece of fruit. Oh, yesterday I had a banana. And I always have a bowl of yogurt with cranberries. I guess that's a sound, yeah. Uh, cranberries? Never tried. Almost. Or sometimes I just have plain yogurt. Yeah. No. Yogurt's sweet. Or yogurt's plain. Oh, no, I had breakfast. It was a surprise. No. No. No, but her birthday was, like, a week ago, so we made her a big photo frame thing to take down to camp. We figured that'll do for Mother's Day as well. Hmm. Well, I got four reading on, but no, not really. I'm not as, hmm, hmm, that's a good question. Well, with the amount of time that I could have had, I could have at least done, like, eight readings or so. I need, I needed to plan an essay and I didn't plan the essay at all. I just read. So, no, it wasn't produc- oh, I guess that was life productive. Hmm, damn. Okay, it wasn't productive uni-wise, but it was fun with the fam. I don't, well, I don't feel like the day was wasted. I still had a good day. Hmm, well, it depends. If I actually wanted to do uni work, then I wouldn't have, probably wouldn't have driven my brother. I would have gotten him to drive himself, because he can drive. I just felt like driving. Um, and just generally use my time a little bit better, and I could have at least done six readings instead of four, but if I actually wanted to, like, enjoy life stuff, then I would have not done any readings or at least done, like, three, and I would have gone for a walk, enjoyed this. It was really nice. Oh, I kind of sat around chatting with Vince and Dad. Hmm, no. Normally, I do watch TV. We were, well, over dinner, we were watching this show about the monarchy, which is actually kind of interesting about, like, how, whether the British monarch is actually, like, the fact that the world still respects her, but we don't know whether it'll maintain, what's his name, Charles or whatever, all that sort of stuff, but normally I watch a show called Touch, which is after, but I didn't get to, I couldn't be bothered. Oh, no, not really. I feel pretty indifferent. Okay, no, no comment, no, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, Recommend. Recommend. Recommend. Recommend. Recommend. recommend. recommend. recommend.