 Oh god, okay on Sunday when I wake up I made breakfast with the family and we had a nice little brunch and then after that I started doing some readings for an elective class that I have this week and that took about three hours, it was ridiculous, and that was about emotion recognition and the emotion in particular was disgust, so it was talking about all the different physiological aspects of disgust. And then after reading that I went for a run and after going for a run I, well I went for a run around my local area and after that I went, I bought a laptop with my dad the day before so we decided to un, like we opened up the laptop and set that all up and spent Sunday afternoon setting that up and then I wrote, like I had a pile of snail mail letters that I had to reply to so I spent Sunday afternoon, like late afternoon writing about five or six different letters to all around the world and with that I sent one to Belgium, I sent another one to Germany, Canada, Sweden and Scotland, yes, um, that was fun. And after that I made tea and had tea with the family and after that, wasted some time on Facebook and Tumblr and the usual. And um, after that what else did I do? I think that's it. I had dinner, the usual, blah blah blah. Ah, I woke up at ten on Sunday. For breakfast I made omelette with coriander, ginger and onion and something else, I can't remember. We had that with toast, the usual kind of thing, and a cup of tea. Yeah I made it. Ah, I had breakfast around ten thirty I guess? Yeah I woke up, yeah, I woke up at ten, ten thirtyish. So it kind of became brunch so. My readings, well this was like fifteen or twenty pages and yeah so it was just one paper but it was all about just the emotion of disgust and it went through different, uh, what was it? I should remember this. Different models and theories about disgust and like what are the functions of disgust, where did it come from, whether we have evolutionary evidence that disgust is purely an oral thing, like as in because we're disgusted at the idea of eating something or whether it's actually just contact with the skin and whole cognitive reappraisal stuff because like technically if you have a drink of water and you put a sterile cockroach in it people still avoid the drink even after taking the cockroach out even though knowing that the whole cockroach was completely sterilised and everything and there's nothing wrong with it but just that whole idea and stuff like that. So it was interesting but just very long and tedious. That afternoon I sent letters and um, no not on Sunday, like I might have thought psych soc stuff but no not really, I sent five letters I think it was? Yeah, around the world. Oh god. Maybe one or two pages per letter? Yeah. Maybe in two hours? A lot? Yeah. Yeah. Um, and well as in some letters were easier to write than others because some people I'd actually seen recently or I'd had communication with whereas other people I was kind of like well this is what I've been doing in life kind of thing and trying to update them on things that a lot of them have been letters that they sent back in over the summer and I just never got around to replying to them. So some of them I responded immediately to the actual letter itself and other ones I wrote just because I'm like I haven't heard from you in a while what are you up to kind of thing. Um, yeah I did have dinner, yes. Uh, we had lentils with rice, a lentil curry and rice and mum made that so on Sunday I went for a run but other than that no. Oh okay so when, actually this laptop came completely set up so essentially all we had to do is open the box and undo the packaging and even there was no manual or instruction thing that you know how normally there's a massive book. There was nothing so it was just a plug in laptop put in, oh sorry, put in the battery then plug in the laptop, turn it on and then yeah it was already all completely set up like we put in Trend Micro which is the internet antivirus and then we also put in Microsoft Office. Um, but apart from that everything else was done and then finally I got to like put in all the stuff I wanted like Skype and Dropbox and iTunes and all the funsy stuff. I was like yay I've got stuff! Um, but yeah apart from that it was all pretty straight forward which for me was a shock because I don't like computers very much and so it was a lot easier. Um, well there were two CDs but we didn't actually have to, no for the laptop there wasn't any software that came with it, it was already all pre-made we just put in the two other software that Trend Micro in. Oh there were two CDs except it didn't say that we had to use them. One of them was a recovery CD and another one was some other CD but we didn't, no. No. I probably should have but no. Ah, because I was with my dad and he knows how to set up computers so I just let him do it and he said no we don't need to look at that. I'm like okay that's fine. Um, no because essentially yeah like as in the lady when she sold it to us said that it was already set up. Normally if we bought that laptop they would give us like the X, something to do with re, I don't know but it's something about increasing the RAM from 4 gigs to 8 gigs and they had like all of the system thing over, you have to change and it went out, one of you and out the other, I don't know. But um, but she said that they happened to have one laptop in there that was already completely set up so we didn't have to do that. Because I just, like as in I know that it was set up but I just assume that every new product has a stick manual and I enjoy reading them, reading them just because I'm like in cases because each laptop has a new function and stuff that wasn't there in the previous laptop so I figured I might as well read the manual. But there was no manual so I was like okay there's probably a stack of new functions. Like they had a fingerprint reader thing, I'm so excited. But yeah like as in things like that I don't have um, knowledge of and I assumed that they would give me a manual so I know what the new features are but I didn't know them. I haven't gotten to that yet, I only set it up yesterday so I will probably look it all up tonight. See you on Tuesday. Bye bye.