 Oh, I don't need to. Oh, um, on the weekend I... On Saturday I had a 2.20 first in the afternoon and at night. And then on Sunday I went to Canberra with my family. From when I woke up, I woke up and I went for a run. And then I had breakfast with my family and we discussed what we were doing the day after, which was going to Canberra. Um, and then after that, um, I went to the markets with my parents to get the groceries for the week. And I bought some presents for my friends for their birthday later on that night. Um, and I organised with the rest of my friends on getting a group present together. Um, and then after that I did a little bit of uni work before getting ready and got changed and then drove down to Guymere for the first one. And then from there I stayed there for about two to three hours. Um, and then I left for Paddington for the second one. Um, and yeah, stayed there for another three hours and then dropped a friend off and then went home. So that, and do you want sundae as well? Okay, for breakfast I had, it was an omelette with spinach and cheese and mushrooms. And then I also had some bread with that. I don't know what, but yeah, and a cup of tea as well. Um, white with one sugar. Uh, oh, full cream at home. But otherwise normally I drink skim. For lunch I had a bowl of yogurt with some muesli added to it, which is technically like breakfast. I felt like that. But um, the markets my dad drove in our car. Okay, so we went from my place, we took, uh, we went on Carlingford Road and then turned left and went onto Marsden Road and went along Silverwater Road and then along the M5 or M4. I don't know what number it is, but yeah. And this was to Flemington Market. It took about 20 minutes to drive there. Um, for the 21st of the afternoon we got a large porcelain tea set. And then for the other one I bought, um, a pearl kind of photo frame and I printed out a photo to put inside. In the afternoon I did one of the readings for a class I have this week. Oh, no, wait, I had tea, a cup of tea for breakfast. Not on Saturday, no. No, I had white tea. One sugar. No, full cream. No, I didn't have syrup for breakfast. I had an omelette with spinach and mushrooms and cheese and then with bread as well. And cereal as in muesli I had for lunch-ish with yogurt. Oh, I don't remember. Um, probably tasty cheese, plain cheese. Shredded except it went into the omelette and therefore then it was cooked so it became like a cheesy omelette. I have no idea. Probably English spinach or maybe baby spinach. Don't remember. My mom made it, I just ate it. Yes, I do. Yes, I do. No, I didn't cook my rec. Well, yes, I guess so. It just involves putting yogurt in a bowl. Anyway, uh, that was Greek yogurt. No, plain natural Greek yogurt. Uh, I'm not sure. It doesn't actually say on the tub so I assume not then because otherwise it would say it. That day, no, not really because I kind of, I didn't really eat at the 21st because I was just talking the whole time. I mean, might have had like one piece of cake, that's it. Uh, the first one it was a tea party so there was lots of little cucumber sandwiches and macaroons and desserts and little nibbly things for a standard tea party. And then at the other one I missed the canapes and was there for the cake. So no, no. The second party was a lot quieter. It was more a cocktail event, um, and lots of mingling and just chatting to people. Actually, both were quite quiet except the first one was more small. The other one was big but just chatty. Quieties? Uh, I drove. No, I drove. Uh, well, to get to the first one I, oh my god, uh, went down Silverwater Road and some, I just followed the GPS but it went all the way down to Guymea and then from Guymea up to Paddington via the city past the airport. So you went through the city? Via the city, yes. I don't know the street names. It, I went around the airport though, not through it. Yeah, it was very long. So to get down from my place to the first one it took an hour and 15 minutes and then from that one to the second one it took another 45, 50 minutes and then another 45 to 50 minutes to drive home. Okay yes. Oh, no comment! No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment,