 So I woke up and then I had breakfast. And then after that, I left for work, which is in the city. And for that, I have to get the 719 train in the morning, but I missed it. So I had to get the express, the 720, 7, sorry, 722 express, and then change it central and got the train to Wynyard, was on time, which is good. And that day we only had five candidates come in for testing, which was good. And that meant that the other intern was able to look after them. And I went downstairs and I just worked on the inbox all day. And we had lots of bookings for Queensland as well as Melbourne. And there were some technical issues in Singapore, which I had to contact them for and try and work out what was going on. We've also installed recently a new portal system at work called Gateway. So we had training for that last week and this week's like a trial period. So I was playing around on that, trying to work out whether there's any bugs happening or how user friendly it is and writing comments for it. And how professional does this conversation have to be? Fairly professional. OK, so that training was run by the guy that I really like at work. And therefore it was really fun doing the research, like the feedback for him. It was actually in Melbourne. He was in Melbourne. So I sent him an email telling him this is what I've done, blah, blah, blah. And he called and he was like, you know, had a good conversation with me on the phone. And I'm really excited about the entire new system just because it centralises all of the different platforms that we work at. And at the moment it's been quite confusing and inefficient. So I think this will improve productivity and efficiency and all that sort of stuff. Anyway, then for lunch, I met up with my best friend in the city because he works at a law firm just around the corner. And so we had lunch in the city and just caught up about what we did on the weekend and the usual sort of stuff. Then I had work in the afternoon and that was straightforward, the usual. And then I went to the gym after that. And at the gym, I saw one of the personal trainers and he he looked like he was crying. It was so upsetting. But it was kind of by himself. And I didn't know whether he was crying or red in the face or whether he was just, you know, normal, but hot from the gym or whatever. So I went and did my usual gym session. And then afterwards, I was going to say, you know, catch up with him on the way out because I never talk to anyone in the gym. But he he wasn't there. So then I messaged him later on that night and I was like, hey, are you OK? Like, I didn't know if he was upset. And at first he responded with, who are you? And I was like, oh, I go to your gym, blah, blah, blah. And he's like, oh, yeah, I'm sorry. No, I do know who you are. I was just having a really bad day. But thanks for noticing. I was like, no, that's OK. And he's like, I'm happy to talk any time throughout, you know, when I'm there. And I was like, I know, but I never talked to anyone at the gym. But I'm just glad to know that you're OK. Everything's all right. So that was really nice because it was a complete stranger and somewhat stalkerish. But that's OK. And then I went home and made dinner with dad. Um, and what did we have for dinner? Oh, noodles. That was yum. Um, and then I spent that night sewing, I think, because I'm going out on Friday night. I have this dress I bought. Um, and I wanted to fix that up because the sleeves are a bit ugly, but I made it so it's sort of, hopefully I get to wear that dress. Anyway, that's what I did on Monday. Uh, 7? Oh, maybe. No, sorry. No, no, no. I didn't wake up at 7. I didn't wake up at 7, I woke up at 6. Um, it takes me roughly half an hour to get ready. And that includes having breakfast. Um, I could be faster if I was male. But yeah. Um, start at 8 and I finish that day at 5.30. So that's 9 and a half, but an hour long, so 8 and a half. Yep. Um, yeah. Um, yes. I did speak to him on the phone and I also, the only other time I've spoken to him was at training because there was only three of us that were being trained. Um, yes. Um, yes. He said that he had a really long weekend and then a client cancelled on him last minute. It was probably more but because I don't actually know him and we don't, like we see each other at the gym but I don't actually talk to him or anyone. So it's probably him just. Uh, it was actually a Facebook message. No, no. Um, because we're all part of the Crunch Australia Facebook group. So, and like everyone that goes to Crunch know the personal trainers names. We don't have to talk to them or anything, but everyone knows each other's. They don't know our names, but we know their names because there's only like seven personal trainers or so. Yeah. Well, when he, because he got the message on his phone because it was Facebook on the phone. Um, so at first he didn't know and then he clicked on my profile and then saw it. Oh yeah, actually I do know. Oh, yep, yep. And I said in the message, I was like, sorry, this is a bit creepy and stalkerish, but just wanted to check if you're okay because you seemed upset. How? Um, quite often. If I know them or rather only if it's in a situation where I have seen them on more than one occasion. In fact, only if they're extremely distressed and I'm actually really concerned, then I will contact. If yes, he was completely red in the face and looked like he was crying in the middle of the gym floor. I don't know if anyone noticed people possibly noticed, but I don't think anyone said anything to him apart from his colleagues. Um, I've had someone not, cause not a complete stranger. No, I actually know. Not really. I've had friends that haven't really talked to me in a while and notice things and then they've sent me a message being like, Hey, you okay? You seem a bit funny. No, I don't think pretty much what they felt of. Well, who is this? But, oh, that's a nice one. Thanks. Okay.