 Um, alright, my day was pretty horrible. At first I just woke up, etc, etc. Um, did some study. Just quickly, if there's stuff I don't want to talk about, should I just leave it out and make stuff up? Cool, alright. My Sunday was fabulous. What happened was I woke up, did some study, and planned to study for the whole day, but instead then my best mate called up and he said, do you want to go for a run? So we went for a run, and then we also went later that night, which, good fun. So yeah, I had a bit of study, bit of exercise, bit of movie, all in all a perfect Sunday. And what you'd want for a weekend, really. Yeah, it started about 10am, I think. We saw The Avengers at 5.50pm. No, not at all, it's sort of like an action movie. Action slash comedy slash, yeah, we'll leave it there. Uh, sure, it's, it was 3D and lots of compu- like, there was a massive budget for computer generation, generated effects, etc, etc. Lots of cool fight scenes. Yeah, no, it was a good movie, lots of big names, cool plot, just pretty much all the different action heroes from lots of different movies chucked together into one, and just doing their thing. Uh, well, Iron Man, Thor, let's see, who else was there? There was some dude with a bow, there was like, someone that was like Catwoman but wasn't. Um, uh, who else was in this movie? They're all from the Marvel comics. Yeah, it's not like Superman, Spider-Man were there. It's like, yeah, all the Marvel comics, some of them. Two hours and 22 minutes. 142 minutes. Oh, they were, but I wouldn't count that in the movie. I don't know, when I looked it up online it said 142 minutes running time, so I assume that's, oh, probably about 15 minutes, the usual. Uh, let's see, the movies previewed were Spider-Man and Batman and Superman and, uh, that was everything. We went to the Hayden Orpheum, which is just up the road from where we live. No, we walked up the hill, because we're environmentally conscious and it's like a 5-10 minute walk, so there's just no need. And we enjoy walking up the hill because we chat and et cetera, catch up, yeah, yeah, yeah. I could take the 243 bus route. I could get on the 243 just outside my house, ride it, K up the hill, then hop off, two or three, three stops, yeah, and then be at the movies pretty much. But that bus only comes once an hour, so that would just be like incredibly silly to plan to catch the bus to go to the movies. No, once again we walked back down the hill. Oh, they just rested for two hours and 22 minutes in the movies, so they were alright. Plus 15 minutes of previews. Plus like 1.5 minutes of credits at the end. No, like 7 minutes waiting for that hidden scene after the credits. Sure, yeah, we stayed 7 minutes for the credits and then watched the hidden scene at the end. Oh, it was fantastic. It was a big surprise and really got me anticipating the next movie. No, definitely not, because there were only Marvel comic characters and the X-Men aren't Marvel. They might be. Either way, they weren't in the movie. Say that. Because they're not Marvel characters. Oh, I don't know, they might be Marvel characters. I don't know. They could be characters. Okay, assuming they are Marvel characters, they weren't in the movie because, okay, this movie isn't like some random dude's idea. Let's put all the characters together. Like, it's based on the comic itself and the comic had all those characters in it. No. Yes. Actually, I might have read the comics. I had a huge pile of comics when I was like 6. Yeah, I don't think I read the comics though, pretty much. I can't even remember which comics they were of though. It was probably like Tintin. I have no idea. No. No. I was being semi-facetious. There probably wasn't Tintin. It was probably like Spider-Man or something. Oh, we went for a run. We started doing that a bit. We started training for the City to Surf in August this year, so we've started just, yeah. I don't know. We find it helps to get motivated to go for runs if you're running with someone because we're both pretty busy and so we don't, like, we live near each other but we don't hang out that much, so the runs fit in well because it combines exercise plus catching up and hanging out time. So, yeah, we go for runs. Approximately, I have no idea. I don't know. I'd say something but I'm worried I'd make myself sound like a snail or like a cheetah. How, 20k's an hour. How does that, wait, 100, wait. So the 100-meter sprint is 36k's an hour, so we're probably, yeah, let's say 15k's an hour. Yeah, that puts it at 15k's an hour. Yeah, probably not. It probably starts out faster at the end and then slows down as we get tired towards the end of the run. No, we didn't speed up at the end. Probably about once a week. Four kilometers, roughly. Yeah, probably about four k's. Let's see. I run to his place and then we run to Primrose Park. No, we go above Primrose Park, above the streets, then we drop down the streets. Big loop around Primrose Park, sort of, and then back up the other big hill and then back up to his place. Oh, my place, actually. Halfway between our places. There's a park in between our places where we run to. Probably not. Probably slows down. Actually, no, the hill's probably faster because we always sprint the hill. So the hill probably goes up a bit. Or we try harder. The speed might stay the same, but yeah, I wouldn't be able to say. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.