 Yesterday, so I woke up at about 9 a.m. I guess yep Then I went for a run No, but a bit early than I am woke up. Yeah, I 30 ish went for a run came back had breakfast Then started trying to study for most of the day once again wasn't too successful I just ended up mucking around I guess for a bit of the day then that was most today Then we went out for dinner for Mother's Day that night. We went to a Chinese restaurant just locally which was good The food is really good. And yeah, mom had a good time So that was our Mother's Day and then came home and yeah pretty much did a little bit more study Then pretty much just went to bed No Normally, I like sleeping in on Sundays because I had agreed with a couple of friends that would go for a run on Sunday morning Which was a silly idea because I had to get up early, but it worked So I got up early and went for a run 830 about 45 minutes. No at 9 o'clock. I was still running breakfast I had porridge with honey and cinnamon and banana. Yes Not usually on a Sunday normally on a Sunday I'll just eat nothing because normally on a Sunday I wake up at about 10 or 11 So just like have a snack and then an hour later have lunch, but this time I thought I'd may as well eat a proper breakfast Not extra hungry On Sunday. Well, I was trying to study for a good four or five hours But I guess I effectively I got about an hour of study done. Maybe Facebook took them I don't know the internet consumed them on a Sunday in general on a Sunday Nah, not usually I can be productive when I need to be productive in general. Yeah, okay. I'd say I'm productive I guess I get stuff done at some point. Not really I work pretty hard during the week kind of with the intention that when I go home I don't need to do that much work. So once I leave you at night and on weekends Yeah, I can get away with not doing too much without feeling overly guilty I normally be near on five o'clock study at uni 10 to 5 that's 7 minus 1 for lunch. So 6 hours of study Maybe yeah, so no we had Chinese for dinner that night Uh, yeah, it was big. No, I wasn't a banker. Oh Don't hate to find a banquet No, we just got like four or five dishes between the father's and then shared them all which was good fun. Um You could say that it was the restaurant was very busy So there was a lot of like weight in between ordering food and getting food So I guess the entire night yeah went for a pretty long time. We chatted and just spent quality family time together We did fill the time Yes Mom dad took lots and lots and lots of photos because they each have new phones and now their phones have cameras on them So they take photos with their cameras on their phones for photos of cameras Oh, they an actual camera like not really I think it's the novelty of being able to do with your phone which really stimulates them I guess what dishes do we order we had a Mongolian lamb had a vegetable dish We had a fish dish and a fried rice and I think that's everything. No, no, we are chicken fans We just didn't happen to get chicken on this particular night Boiled rice. I'm not sure I'm calling lamb vegetables fish. Yeah. Okay, I guess I only said for boiled rice I guess yeah, maybe we only got four dishes and that's I'm forgetting. Not sure. Yeah, give or take Yeah, plus or minus one dish I guess. Yes. We have three boy. Mom's the only girl in the family. We have three boys Yeah, the youngest of whom is 17 at the moment and still growing. So yeah, we are big eaters Yeah, it was actually I think no one really went hungry that night. It's good I know because I don't know as a rule. We don't tend to get dessert from those restaurants, I guess Oh, no, it's different. Of course lots of chocolate when we get home because chocolates awesome But yeah, we didn't order dessert at the restaurant Cadbury dairy milk. No, it's normally just milk chocolate Um, I'm like mom likes the mom likes both dark chocolate and like the mint flavored stuff, I guess But yeah, personally I always just stick to the plain dairy milk. No, we took her out to dinner for Mother's Day Oh, we got her a card and some flowers. But yeah flowers don't count as a present half an hour Yeah, I was just reading one article that I had to read for today after dinner No, really bit of study better just watching videos on YouTube. No TV. I'm not a big TV watcher Yeah, just I know we got home about 9 and then I just bummed around till about 11 went to bed On Sunday generally the news isn't worth watching which I know sounds weird because you'd expect like things to still happen on Sundays and criminals That just still do stuff on Sundays. But yeah I don't know generally like the newspapers are less interesting and say ABC News just reports like garbage So yeah, I didn't watch any news on Sunday during the week Yeah, we tend to watch the seven o'clock news on ABC every night general generally while we dinner. No, definitely seven o'clock No reason just more convenient. I guess five books a clock often. We're not home often. We're busy doing other stuff Yeah, seven. It just seems to work nicely. No, then I miss the seven o'clock news. It's not the end of the world No, yeah, I'll wake up in the morning, but I don't really read it for the news Like I sort of read the front page see for anything That's like fascinating and then I generally turn to the back page and the middle page and just rig opinions and call it Nothing that would another that I'd be scared to miss No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment…