 No comment, right. Over the weekend, well to start with on Friday night, we had the Psych Sock L Sock Harbor Cruise, which was a lot of fun, so we all dressed up. That theme was favorite movie character. So for example, Suchu went as the Indian girl from Bender Like Beckham, can't remember her name. I was John DeVolta from Grease, which worked well because my girlfriend went as Sandy, and she pretty much looks exactly the same, like right build, right hair, right style, coloring, et cetera, so that was nice and easy. And yeah, that was a good night. Suchu spent probably 85% of it taking care of some drunk girl she didn't know who was throwing up into a bin, which is always fun. And then getting cranky at me when I tried to tell her not to do that. And yeah, luckily or unluckily, depending on how you look at it, that girl got thrown off the boat about halfway through it. So Suchu then could have a decent rest of the night. Yeah, I thought it was a bit dodged. They just get the drunk girl that can't walk and dump her on Cremorne Wharf. But anyway, and then, yeah, that was good. Saturday night, we had a 21st for another friend that was down in the Shire, down in Gaimier. So we headed down there, and that was like an afternoon tea style 21st. So we just sat around, chatted, ate the sweet things they gave us, listened to speeches, which were good. Speeches are always good. And yeah, then Sunday was intended to just be a day of study, didn't really work. Ended up bumming around and then going to the movies with my best mate to see Margin Call, which was a good movie. And that was the end of my weekend. On Friday, I got a lift in from my mom. We went over the bridge and then sort of veered right, not left towards Winnie, but right towards Darling Harbour. And then got a little bit lost at one point. And then I just jumped out of the car because, yeah. Do you want me to just keep up talking as much as I can? Cool. And then, yeah, at one point, I knew where I was, but the roads were confusing and mom had no idea where she could drop me off or anything. So at one point, we came to some lights and I just jumped out and ran across the road. And I was pretty much there at King Street Wharf. And yeah, and from there, it's just an easy walk, just down the wharf to the aquarium where they currently have that wax museum thing with Madame something from Europe. And I can't get any more out of that, sorry. That is correct. No, we drove over the bridge. On Saturday, I drove. That was a bit complicated. Originally, the plan was Suchu, because she lives north of me and we were heading south. So she was gonna just come south, pick me up and then head on down. But then she randomly changed her mind, decided it was out of her way. So she just said she'd go her own way. So I ended up driving myself and another friend, Lucy, who also lives in my area. And I drove us down. So Lucy drove to my place, dumped her car there. And then I just drove us down to Guymea. So we went down the Grand, like past the airport, down the Grand Parade, past San Susi, that sort of area, over the Captain Cook Bridge. And then, yeah, then we just went past Tarrant's Point, down to the Kingsway, President Avenue, et cetera, et cetera. And then we just pretty much arrived at her place. And yeah, I remember the directions because I pretty much had to write them down and memorize them for navigating in the first place. What's that say? Oh, it was an afternoon event starting at 3.30. We did not have dinner, no. Pretty much the exact same way that I went there. So we just drove home. And because one of the other girls there didn't actually know the route, she was just trailing us for most of the way. So she could find her way home. And then, yeah, I got to my place. Lucy jumped out, jumped in her car. She drove herself home and I was home, nice and easy. That day, do you mean at the party? Cool. Well, because I'm a celiac, so I can't eat gluten, there wasn't very much for me to eat. However, I spoke to Jess, the birthday girl, and there were a few little cake things, which I think just happened to be gluten free. I don't think she'd gone out of her way to make them gluten free because I don't think she realized there was going to be an issue. So luckily I could have a few of those. And I saw a quiche and I sort of persuaded myself it might be gluten free. So I had some of that as well and found out later it wasn't, which I probably should have known. But yeah, I thought I'd take a chance. And yeah, it wasn't really worth it. It was pretty average. I don't know, maybe that's just, oh, sorry. Yeah, maybe gluten just tastes bad and I've forgotten that, but that seems unlikely. And yeah, as a result of not having eaten too much at that party, I ended up having dinner when I got home at about 11, which is always nice. It was just leftover curry in the fridge. So I just had some of that, went to bed. No, no savory food at the party. I did not go to work that day, no. Instead I went to the movies with my best friend. No, we saw a drama called Marginal. No, it was not a romantic comedy. It went for pretty much two hours, exactly. No, we went to the Cremor Norfeum, which is just up the road for both of us. We just walked up the road, up the hill, just walked down the hill. No, we were very lucky that we have a cinema within walking distance of us so we can just pop up there whenever we like, so, mm-hmm. Yes, no comment. Right, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment.