 What did I do on Saturday? I didn't do very much. From what I remember is I woke up probably around about 9 because I went to bed pretty late. I woke up and then I didn't have breakfast and I decided that I would just stay in bed. So that's what I did until about lunchtime. And during that time all I did was really go online and just update myself on blogs and websites. And then I just watched a couple of TV shows on my laptop which was pretty fun. So yeah I did that in the morning and then at lunchtime I went over to my aunt's house. And I had lunch there and it was an okay lunch. It was just leftovers from dinner which I had the previous night so it was okay. It wasn't too great. And then afterwards in the afternoon I just went back home and bummed around on the couch in front of the TV. And then I had dinner and then after that I just stayed on the couch. So it was a very relaxed day and I thought I deserved it. So I just stayed at home most of the time and just relaxed. What did I have? Oh I didn't have anything for breakfast. No I didn't have anything for breakfast. So like I said I waited until lunchtime and then that's pretty much it. So I didn't have breakfast. No I had that in the evening. Nothing at all for breakfast. Well I had a glass of water. That's when I woke up. But that's pretty much my meal until lunchtime. What did I have for lunch? Well I had a glass of water and I had leftovers from dinner which was... what did I have? I had rice and chicken curry which was pretty nice. Yeah it was alright. It wasn't too spicy. I can eat a bit of spice but not too badly. So my aunt only made it mildly spicy. But then the rest of my family just put it next to me which was kind of gross. No it was just chicken curry and rice. What did I do on the couch? So yeah like I said I just bummed out there for the whole afternoon and evening. So I was there watching TV. I was watching shows on there. Usually I don't watch TV but I just felt like I needed a time to bum around. And all I really did was sit on the couch and watch TV. But I also brought my laptop down so I was on my laptop as well. No I wasn't. I was on my laptop as well. Gosh. I can't remember exactly. I remember I was watching infomercials because I like watching infomercials for some reason. And there were a few on there talking about exercise machines. One was like an ab something. And then there was one about a food processor and you got like if you called now you would get a free, a free whatchacallit. Like the thing where you scrub the food on there and then it comes out on the other side. It's a grater. A grater. You get a grater. Yeah. And then there were other things like a swivel sweeper for the floor. And you use the power of steam and all that kind of stuff. No no no no no. I don't. I wouldn't buy anything from infomercials or anything like that. But then I would watch, I did watch some other shows which I like which was online. I connected it to the TV and I watched shows like Doctor Who, Dragon's Den which I absolutely love. And what else did I watch? I watched some things on my hard drive as well. So it wasn't just TV shows. It was stuff on my hard drive as well. So I watched things like Downton Abbey quite a lot. I was there from, I can't remember now, like 3 till about dinner time which was at 6 or 3 hours. And then after dinner I watched until about midnight. So that was quite a long time. I read about 6 or an hour-ish. So I resumed around about 7 I guess. Because I had to do all the washing up as well. Yeah. I usually wash up, when I was living with relatives I would have to do the washing up whenever it was required. So usually it's after dinner and it's just all the washing up from the day. And now that I'm living in my new place without my relatives, it's the same deal but then it's sort of like on a roster now. So I would do one day and then my sister would do the other day. But yeah, we usually try to roster it but it doesn't really turn out that way. But yeah, I do the dishes. After lunch, gosh, I didn't do the washing up, I did dinner. Washing up, my sister did lunch. So then she didn't have to do dinner. Which is fair enough dealing. Because that was at my aunt's house. So I was being lazy. I did it in the beginning but now I kind of do. I do break a lot of things. Not by dropping it, but by using a lot of force. So I've broken a lot of chopsticks, a lot of spoons. I've broken a few plates just by scrubbing it. So yeah, I do like washing it now. On average, I guess every single day. But okay, I won't say that because I just said I don't do it all the time. I would say on average probably like five times a week. I know, I know, I don't get it. We haven't really worked out the roster properly. It's on the wall but we don't go with it. Usually I'm the one who cleans up after dinner anyway. It depends. I mean we're not really too fixed on the roster. So we just go with whoever is in the other sink at that time. Or whoever finishes dinner last does it. And I usually take forever to do it. Well once the food's put down, it depends on what it is. If it's a lot of vegetables, I take forever. But if it's like a really quick easy meal, so like pasta or something like that, I'm done in like ten minutes. I'm not a really big fan of vegetables. I do like eating salad. So I like lettuce, cucumber and all that kind of stuff. But then it's sort of the other vegetables I don't like. Like eggplant, zucchini, onions. Sort of like the really gooey stuff which I don't like. Roast vegetables, I'm okay with roast vegetables. Like for example, I mean I like eating potatoes and carrots and stuff like that when it's roasted. But I still don't like zucchinis or eggplants when they're roasted. So no. So no comment. So you ask me a question and I just answer back no comment for every single question. Oh no comment…