 Sunday was yesterday. What did I do? I can't remember what I did yesterday. When I got up, I didn't have breakfast. I didn't eat anything. I did have a glass of orange juice though. So that was okay. I did get a stomachache after that. Usually I don't like eating breakfast because I get stomachaches. But I had a glass of orange juice. I woke up around about 9. And then after that I went on the internet. And did my usual thing. I did blogs, websites, all that kind of stuff. And then lunchtime, I had a very unhealthy lunch. Around about 12, I had a packet of migoreng. Which was okay. I just had it at home. And after that I didn't do the dishes. Left it at the sink. And then after that I was watching TV. I can't remember what I was on. I think it was... I didn't watch TV TV. I was watching shows on YouTube on TV. I think it was like Graham Norton's show. And Dragon's Den again. And some other shows as well. And while I was doing that, around about 2, I mopped the floor. Well first I swept the floor. And then I mopped the floor. And then I was on the couch, secluded by wet floor. So I didn't move. And then I had dinner around about 6. And before I had dinner at 6, I went over to my aunt's house. I walked there. And I picked up some chicken and duck that she bought. And I took it back to my place. And I made rice and salad. And I had chicken. And then after that I didn't do the dishes again. But I did throw away the garbage. Because it was garbage night. And I unpacked some of the cardboard in the garage into the recycling bin. And then after that I did some work for my volunteering program. Which was making the newsletter for the week. And then I went to bed. Which was around about 10ish. It was an early night for a Monday start. And that was my Sunday. It didn't feel that long because I didn't do very much. But it was a long day in terms of sitting around doing nothing and then doing something. And then doing nothing. So it was a relatively okay day. Usually I don't like eating stuff in the morning. I get stomach aches when I eat something in the morning. I don't know what it is. I think it's just because I wake up and I don't have anything to eat for a long time. So I get a stomach ache. And then I have to travel by train as well. So I don't want to jeopardize going to the toilet or anything like that while I'm on the train. I've had some experiences where I had to hold it in until I got to a station. Which was pretty bad. No, I don't know what it is. But in the morning I can't eat because my stomach starts to get a stomach ache. Around about lunch time it doesn't. I don't know what it is. Like I said, I don't know what it is. But if I eat or drink something I usually get a stomach ache. So usually I just have water in the morning. Sometimes it doesn't but it usually doesn't. Well, I know cereals give me a stomach ache. So I've tried fruit. But sometimes I don't like the taste of fruit. I'll try to brush my teeth. So it's got that weird zingy taste. And then I'm just too lazy to get anything in the morning. It's partially laziness but then also the fear of getting a stomach ache on the train. I don't like coffee. But I do like tea. But I usually don't drink tea until probably after lunch because of the same reasons. Well, usually on weekends I like to sleep in a little bit. So it's kind of like a lazy lie-in. And then sometimes I lie in for too long and then it's already lunch time. So that's like a given. But during the weekday I do wake up kind of early. But then I guess it's again laziness and then having to wake up. So Sunday was a weekend so I had a little lie-in. Exactly. I wasn't catching a train and I think I conditioned myself not to eat in the morning. So about midday, no stomach ache after that. Eh, it wasn't that filling. I mean one packet of noodles isn't that great. I usually like to eat a lot. And usually it's lunch time so I've skipped breakfast. So I do like to eat a lot for lunch. But it was just one packet so I did get a little peckish but I didn't get any snacks after that. Nothing in the afternoon until dinner time. How I prepared my dinner. Well, I went over to my aunt's house because she went out to the markets early on in the morning. So I went over and picked up the food that she had. So I went over to her house to pick it up. Then I walked back to my place and then I cooked about three cups of rice for me and my sisters. And then we evenly distributed the rice and the chicken. And the rice took about 20 minutes to cook. And then I chopped up the cucumbers and salad and stuff like that. And we had salad as well. It was already cooked so we just put it on the plate. Because, you know, it was bought from the shop and they already barbecued it and stuff like that. So we just ate it. It was kind of cold but it was already cooked so...no. Because it's kind of like the style of how it was cooked. Like it was barbecued but you don't really have to heat it up again. It was kind of grilled-ish. I think it was when my aunt bought it, it was still warm. And then when I picked it up it was kind of cold warm-ish. So it was still pretty fresh. Rice and salad. So salad was like lettuce and cucumber. And then we had our own dressing on top of it. So I had Thousand Island and my sister had Italian dressing or something like that. To drink, I remember I had a bit of water and then I changed over to a soft fizzy drink which I think was lime flavoured or something like that. I do recycle every now and then. We have a separate bin for rubbish and recycling. So every now and then I guess it comes down to laziness. But we do have the big recycling bin outside and we store our cardboard inside the garage. It's every fortnight so this week it's recycling. So last night I was unpacking some of the cardboard and putting it in the recycling bin. No comment. No comment.