 This morning. This morning. Okay, so I woke up, my alarm woke me up at around 8.30 and I snoozed for quite a while and didn't actually get out of bed until like 10. And then my brother came in and was like, hurry up, I need to get to class. So, um, I had to get ready within like half an hour and then we had to leave. And then during that time, during that half an hour time, I was like in a rush because I had to print my lecture slides and I hadn't eaten yet. So I made coffee and then while I was making coffee, I was like telling my brother to make me breakfast. So he grabbed bacon and eggs and was going to make it and he thought, no, I'll be easy and I'll just give you a meat pie. So he made me a meat pie instead. And then, yeah, I took that on the go and he had one as well. And after that half an hour was up, I printed my slides and we left and went. I drove to the bus stop and then we both caught the bus to uni. The bus was like 10 minutes late and on the bus I was on my laptop writing, oh not writing, designing the contact logo. And that took a while. I didn't realise how fast time flew by. And by the time we got to Central at Railway Square, actually, I'd kind of finished the initial draft of it, which was good. And then we walked like my brother and I walked down to 891 bus stop, which is good because the bus just came. So caught the bus and then by the time we got to uni, it was around 12 and he went to his class and I went to my class and sat there for a lecture. I sat for my lecture, my game theory lecture, which was an hour long. The lecturer gave an example on sub game perfect equilibria. And it took up like half an hour, 40 minutes roughly. And he didn't really go through his lecture slides to the last 15 minutes, which was really bad because we were trying to go through it all and we didn't have enough time. But then by that time when he finished, he didn't actually finish, I had to come here. So that's about it for today. My train, I don't catch a train, I catch a bus. So it was an express, I think it was a 607X from M2O through Railway Square. That's the only route it takes, it's an express. There are other buses like the 610X and the M61, which are all expresses as well, and they take the same route. And that's about it. But then there are other buses in between which aren't expresses, they go through the same route with more stops. 611, I'm not too sure, but it's where they start off, so where the buses start, but they're both expresses. I used our Nespresso machine and I made, I don't know what it's called, it was a pebble capsule one. It was like, yeah, so far, yes, still like. I've got a 6 to 9pm later, my tax international, oh no, taxation of business entities. And yeah, that's three hours long, not looking forward to it. It's a seminar, so like the first hour, hour and a half, we go through a problem question that the lecturer posts up, and we go through that, the class discusses it, and then afterwards we have like a break, 10-15 minute break. And then it's basically him telling us the content and the lecture stuff. No, it's not a tutorial. There's more interactiveness during the first half of the class, and then it's just kind of like a lecture. Roughly a bit under 20, so only stream. So yeah, I don't think it's that popular because not many people do it, because it's like an elective for tax and business law majors. So yeah, my majors, I major in taxation and my other one is business strategy and economic management. Three majors, no, not that I'm aware of. I've got the 8-9 one, express, go the route. Um, it goes via, I'm not too sure, it goes along Anzac Parade and it passes Surrey Hills really briefly and goes through, is it Kensington? I don't know. It takes mainly main roads, Anzac Parade's main road. And then, no, there are no tunnels and no side streets from what I'm aware of. Yeah, no I didn't. Sat there. Oh, this is the bus in the morning or the 8-9 one afterwards? Oh, okay, both. For the earlier one, the first one that I took, I did design stuff, but the second one I just sat there. Nothing much. No comment. No comment. No comment.