 What do they do on the weekend? Study from the morning. Study from the morning and work out. On Saturday, okay. I woke up at like, hmm, 11 I think? Woke up at 11 and then had to rush because I had to get to uni. Get to uni to do my drew. Yeah, doing costumes. So I had to quickly pack the stuff, catch the bus, go to uni. Took like roughly an hour or so. An hour and a half. And got to uni at like, well, 12.30. And then I, oh wait, no! Oh, Saturday was my exam. Totally forgot. Okay, so I had my micro exam on the Saturday at 10 in the morning. So I had to wake up at like 8. Leave the house by 8.30. Caught the bus. And then I met up with a friend like half an hour before the exam, 20 minutes before the exam. And we quickly went over stuff and then sat the exam. It was not very easy. Which was not good compared to like all the other tasks that we've had. And then after that, after the exam finished at 11.30, I went to the law library, studied for a bit, did a bit of my assignment and then just relaxed for a bit. And then I met up with Bec. Costumes co-head as well at 2 in the afternoon, along with Chrissy. And we were trying to figure out where to meet up because we didn't book a room. So we went to Matthew's building, went to the MSR. The SU5 was locked. So we decided to go upstairs, went to level 309 and there was a room open. So we went inside, put our stuff down and then we came out of the room. The door locked and we had to call security. So, yeah, we had to call security. They were like, oh, you shouldn't be in here. This is a cat's room. So we were like, OK, we're really sorry. We just grab our stuff and leave. So we had to go back downstairs and we asked Ari, one of the directors, if we could get SU5 to open up. So she had to call the security as well. And we were like, oh, we better hide when security comes. Otherwise they'll be like, oh, you're the same people. You shouldn't be in here. So we got security come. I think she was like asking security if they could come because she left something in there the night before. Not that she actually did. But yeah. Um, what else? After she got the room open, we started sewing and sewing and sewing and lots of sewing. Um, that happened for a while. And then TV2 started. And then when they had their dances, we went and watched their dances because we wanted to see like what kind of movements they were doing. And if like those movements were like high kicks and stuff. And if like the stuff we were making is flexible enough. And yeah, if we can accommodate for like lots of movements and people doing handstands, doing crazy stuff. Yeah. So we watched opening and then we were really hungry. This was at like 7.30 already. So we're really hungry. 7.00, 7.30. We decided to go to Rynewick and grab dinner. So we had Pad Thai and Beck had like Pad Suu, but like the chili version. And then we came back. It was like 8, 8 something. We missed Shelly's dance. We were supposed to watch it. Um, what else? Yeah, we watched the middle dance afterwards, but we missed the first middle one as well, because we were sewing stuff and we didn't realize it was going on. So we had to watch that later. Um, yeah. When we had dinner, we didn't realize that there was well-being at the same time because we thought well-being was at the end of TV1. So we grabbed dinner for nothing and we could have just had dinner whatever Andy was making. Which was like pasta, pasta bolognese and apple crumble, which was really good. We were so full after eating Pad Thai, we could barely eat the rest of that. Um, what else? Uh, oh yeah. After dinner, we had to make more stuff and then we were stressing about how much more we had to make because there's a shit load of stuff to make. And, um, we left like TV1 finished. Oh, TV2, sorry. TV2 finished at roughly 11, 10.30, 11. And then they had their little feedback session with the critiquers. And then by 12, we finished and we all left by 12, 12.30, packing up, which took a while. And then Andy gave me a lift home. Well-being Head gave me a lift home, which was really good. Didn't have to catch the bus by myself. Um, and then when I got home, oh, I had to answer emails. Oh my gosh, hate emails. Writing so many emails. And what else? Yeah, I fell asleep at like one, two. So that was Saturday. Sunday. Okay, sweet. Um, so you woke up... No, I actually didn't wake up. I forgot I had an exam. I woke up at around 8, 8.30. Yeah, no way. It was pretty hectic. Busy all day from the morning. I think I had like a few hours after my exam before the costume started, but that was the only time it was not as busy. Oh, I caught a bus. Um, I caught a bus from my house to the M2 Oak stop. Um, it was a 610X. Express took roughly an hour to Central and then I caught the 891 Express. Oh, not Express. I had to catch 399 because there are no Expresses on Saturday. 399. I don't remember exactly. Just goes past along Isaac Parade and it stops at uni. What did I eat for lunch? Good question. I think I had a bread roll, two bread rolls. I think that was about it. Didn't really pack anything. 309. Yes, it was level 309. And when did you- Um, shortly after we got into the room. Oh, so we went inside. Oh, I double checked it at first because I was like, oh, all the other rooms are locked in the corridor. And I was like, okay. So I opened the door for 309. It was like unlocked. I closed it, opened it a few times to make sure it wasn't locked. I went inside, opened and closed it. I was like, okay, phew, I won't get locked. And then Chrissy came. And when Chrissy came, Beck also came. And by the time they all came, we were in there for like five minutes, 10 minutes, smack. And then we were like, okay, we need to grab some more stuff out of Beck's car for costumes. So we all left, the door closed and we're like, oh, Beck forgot her phone. So we had to go check and open the door and it was locked. And we're like, shit. Yep. We had to get more materials. So the only thing that Beck brought up was a bag full of sequin material. And for the ninja costumes, the rest that we had to get were like sewing machines and rolls of fabric. No, Beck had a pad suit. I had a pad tie. By the time we got back from Randwick, we started eating at around 10 past eight. Well being was at 30. Well, we was roughly around eight, 8.30, yeah. I'm gonna ask. Just say no comment. Okay. No comment. So you had a- No comment, no comment. Did you go to med review? No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Are you a- No comment. Dinner that- No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. What's a noodle? No comment, no comment. Were you a- No comment, no comment, no comment. Are you a- No comment.