 yesterday. When did I wake up? Oh, woke up and so that was about quarter to seven and dropped my sister off at Central Station so she could catch a bus down to Canberra. I was home by about a bit before eight and dropped in on my way home to a coffee shop to pick up a bacon and egg sandwich for brekkie with extra barbecue sauce. Then I had a couple of hours to sort of get some some study done before making my way to my girlfriend's place by about 11, a bit before quarter to 11. So from there drove her and her sister down to Blakehurst for lunch and yeah, I was there until about five o'clock in the afternoon and then sat in traffic my whole way back and then just a nice quiet night. Stayed at her place the night, some rubbish TV, new girl, it was horrific. Then watched 60 Minutes which was actually a good episode and watched Bones before going to sleep. Was that my day yesterday? No, not on weekends. Yeah, that's my usual time gap, quarter to seven. It was around about 45 minutes round trip so 20 minutes in, 20 minutes back, pretty good. No, it was only one off Canberra for a festival. Really? When there's no food in the house, folks are away. It's Saturday morning instead with my mother but went to lunch for Mother's Day yesterday. Girlfriend and her sister, yeah, and all of her family. Electromag, ridiculous amounts of equations, tedious. Yeah, the subjects are mismatched of like, well now it's only two different topics that are kind of taught independent of each other but you get tested on labs on like the second half when you're still in the first half and it just doesn't work as a subject. Definitely not one of my favourite subjects, not one that I'd like to be doing for a second time. Motorbike crash at Rhodes, so yeah, I'm guessing it was probably fatal. So crash investigation unit were there and they closed one side of the road and the RTA implemented a contraflow on the other side of the road. No, I was about 10km behind it, if not, no, no, wait, I was caught in four and a half kms worth of traffic and apparently it happened about an hour before I got, if not more. No idea. Yes, just the motorcycle. Nope, that was all cleaned up by the time I got through there. It's just, I mean, I read about it and the motorbike itself was on the side of the road but it wasn't really damaged so then again, the rider probably wasn't on it at the time that it crashed. Half the time they dropped the bike. Not last night, no. No. Because it's stories that are done. It's current affairs but it's not news. What was on last night? Story about slapping kids and smacking them. That was interesting. They had a lady there who reckons smacking her kids is best for them and then obviously the experts that say that it shouldn't be done. They had one on the Big Bang and the search of the Higgs boson and the large Hadron Collider in Switzerland and France. They had a story on a couple who miraculously became pregnant when they were 50, even though they were told they weren't able to so didn't worry about contraception. And there was one other story but it might... Oh, that's right, it was Kerry Packer and his casino and his horrific laugh that just nearly made me turn the program off for 10 minutes, 15 minutes while that story was on. Yeah, yeah, look, I think it's miraculous that he managed to fall out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down. Every single branch. But he survived. Yeah, it was an interesting story about changing tourism and, I mean, I'd never really thought about the point that... But when you do think about it most, it was saying how most tourist attractions are man-made and not natural wonders, which is what Australia tries to sell itself on. Not at the moment, no. Although it could be coming back. The dollar and higher strain dollars are really costing it. Although I think I heard on the radio this morning that it was back at parity. So yes and no. I do agree that there has to be a man-made aspect to it because not everybody is going to enjoy it and the people that are going to have the money soon are the people that, you know, that's the kind of needs that you're going to want to cater to. No, the slapping one. Um, definitely not in the way that that was portrayed last night. There was a couple of people. One of them slapped for discipline and the other slapped because she couldn't control her own anger. And that was the British case from a few years ago where there was a whole documentary on that family. Um, probably not. It's hard to say without having children. Yep, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.