 This is a boring day. I don't know which day. Pick a... you pick a different day. It'll be more... Now you're actually testing me. Um, Monday, uh, came into uni early. I was here at, uh, ten o'clock. Um, just gave my sister a lift in. And went to the O-Week office for an hour. I did some work then. Went over to my class in Tiree. Um, entrepreneurial engineering. Sat down. Um, and the lecturer started talking in general about the assignment that we were doing for about 15 minutes. Um, and then says, oh look, we're gonna move on to what today's lecture is. We're doing, um, finance. And he said, is there anyone that does commerce engineering double? So I put up my hand, the only one in the class. And he turns to me and says, you might want to leave now then. Have a look through the lecture slides and see what you think. So then he starts the lecture and I have a quick click through the slides. And I get up and walk out and he goes, yeah, I thought that might happen. Um, which was good because it gave me an extra couple of hours to get some work done. Um, and then at one o'clock, I was meant to have class at one. But I can't remember why I didn't go. Oh, I met up with someone for lunch instead. Um, so it, yeah, it was macroeconomics. It wasn't all that necessary. Um, put my head down then. Got some tute work done before a four o'clock tute. And then a five o'clock tute. Uh, headed home at six, six fifteen by the time that I eventually got to the car. And, um, I was home about seven o'clock. Um, then I had to duck out and get a couple of gas bottles refilled. Had dinner and, uh, then got stuck into some uni work before getting stuck into the Olympics. And falling asleep watching that. I absolutely have no idea. I could not tell you. Um, I'm trying to remember. No, no, that was Tuesday night. No? Yeah, it would have been Monday night then. Tom Slingsby winning the gold in the sailing. It all, all melt into one because it all rolls into one. Olympics every night. It was, but late at night I can't remember which day switched by that stage. Uh, midnight it was. Because I turned it off at midnight and listened to the midnight news on the radio. I'd worked up until about 11 o'clock and I was starting to read things twice. At which stage I'd throw in the towel and just watch, watch, um, watch the Olympics. Jump in a bed about an hour. I would have, but it got to that point in the day where there's not much on. The three o'clock over in, in the afternoon over there in the UK. So it's kind of a bit of a lull between the day events and the night time events starting live. Downloaded an awesome app for my iPad with Foxtel. And, uh, for free you can get, as long as your Foxtel account is subscribed to the sport, you can get all eight channels on your iPad. And that's pretty dangerous. Oh, cause it's good, but it's dangerous to my sleep patterns, uh, extensively. Um, last couple of days have been pretty good with Slingsby in the sailing. Um, last night Anna Mears on the track. Um, one of the other good things about the app is that you, you can then go through to catch up. So they have all of that day's events. So all of the cycling from last night and they flag different important parts. So you scroll through the list to whatever you're interested in, um, click on it, take you to that exact same, that exact point. And then you can watch the five minutes or so that it goes for. Yes, cause it can be wherever I want. At night time, I watch it in bed and turn it off as opposed to at home, in my room for TV. I use a USB channel on my computer, uh, which means you can't do the old remote turn off. You actually have to get up and turn off the computer. I have a media, not a remote, a remote to the, to the USB, but not a remote to the laptop. I can, they've got an app on my phone that is basically, hey, you can emulate your keyboard and mouse on your phone. Um, so you can do that that way, but just as fiddly from the other side of the room and easier to jump up and do it yourself. Now I've got a big screen for the purpose of that, cause I got rid of a tell, old telly that I had. It's getting a new screen. So I got a large one with that being the point that I will then be able to watch, use it as a TV. Yeah, good question. Um, I think it's a 23 inch. Oh yes. Do I need one bigger? No. Last night was the, uh, match sprint, match sprint, uh, two riders against each other. I can't actually remember the distance off the top of my head. Um, but it's, it's very tactical cause it's not, it's not timed. It's just who gets across the line first. Um, and that's the most important thing at knockout. Same as a tennis round robin, a tennis knockout competition. Cause the tactics involved, um, last night Anna Mears, when she won the second of the two, um, races. So it's a best of three races scenario match. Um, she, you're not allowed to stop on the track. You have to keep moving. Um, and so she got to a point where they were going incredibly slowly and the skill and the balance to just stay upright on the bike was pretty awesome. So no, I would, but don't have the bike or the velodrome or the et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Time and availability. Good. If it was something high enough on my priorities. Yep. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment.