 Well now I've got to remember what I did on Monday. Um, yeah I did. Did I attend any uni? No. Um, what did I do Monday? I would have got into uni at about 10 o'clock on Monday, so I got up at about 8 o'clock. I'd break it, you would have left home at about 9. Um, and then yeah, got into uni at 10. Went and did some work in the O-Week office for a bit. Then I went to an entrepreneurial lecture with a guy from PlantWeave, which was pretty cool. At least it wasn't boring like some of the people that speak. Um, from there went and grabbed lunch, I would read one, uh, went back to the O-Week office, uh, put my head down and got some Tute homework done for economics. And then I went at three o'clock, went, met up with my sister, who had the answers to an accounting Tute. So I quickly jotted them down, um, and it was a bit ridiculous because I have to hand in our weekly homework for accounting. But because last Monday was a public holiday we didn't have class, so we had to hand in last Monday's work this week, which would have been fine except for they put the answers up online. So that was a nice quick jot down to get the marks too. Um, and then had, then had Tutes, so accounting Tute, um, which is pretty useless. Um, and then over an economics Tute at five, which was good. Got out at six, best thing about it was that it was still sunlight because we're now in daylight savings. Um, and then headed home, pretty standard, and had some dinner, put my head down, got some work done, um, and that was about it. No, that was the time I actually got out of bed. I was awake from about quarter past seven-ish that time most mornings. No, not like I say I am. Yeah, I do. No, that was lazy because it had been a big weekend. If I'd actually got up at quarter past seven that's a good, given that I didn't have uni till ten, allowed me to get some stuff before, done beforehand. I got stuff done between ten and eleven, but it would have meant I could get some stuff done before leaving at nine, because she had her Tute from two till three, where they go through the question. No, it was a bit busier of the weekend. Yeah, she somehow gets some answers down, uh, because she usually does them Monday when I'm in a lecture. No, just that one. We don't do the lecture, or actually we don't have any classes together this. Did, but it just didn't work out, um, for our timetables. The only lecture that I could make she couldn't, um, and Tute-wise we were going to try and get into the same ones, but it didn't work out that way. Oh, yeah, no, she does it because she has one of the first Tutes of the week, so she copies and quite a few people get her answers, so she doesn't mind. Four subjects on Monday. Uh, well, I had four, four classes on Monday and I attended three of them. Uh, I had macroeconomics lecture. The lecture is very, very slow. I find I'm better off spending half an hour going through the lecture notes than a couple of hours sitting in his lecture. Not really. He does, he gives his own examples, but they don't usually make sense to me. So, whether I'm there for them or not, it's not making any real difference. Not really. It's, there's a number of different lectures, um, so there's four lecture streams and three lecturers, so he takes two out of the four lecture streams. Um, so a lot of what they examine is standard across all. So, just by missing out on his lecture, I'm not really missing out on mine. I could off, but they don't work with my timetable. Fourteen? No, because I'm doing subjects that wouldn't normally be done together, because I'm doing commerce and engineering, so a lot of my commerce subjects are hickety-pickety, um, and just don't match up. No, just the one. Um, what did we learn? It was more about, um, how small business is how small, uh, engineering firms work, um, and I found that was quite good and easy to relate to things, though. For the past, what, 14 years or so, I've worked at my dad's accounting firm, which is similar, 20 to 30 people size, and yeah, I really like that aspect of the company that he was talking about. Um, uh, eventually, yeah. No. Need to, need to get my training wheels first. I admire them. If they can pull it off, then they'll be very successful, but there's a large amount of risk. Um, no, no. No one with the conviction smarts. There's people with the smarts, and there's people with the conviction, but not with both. Yeah, there, there are a few, um, there's, there's a few renewable kids, and all they want to do is save the world. No, no. At the end of the day, businesses have to be able to make money, and they get themselves a little bit too wound up with being environmentally conscious, I think it'll make it a bit easier, because, um, some of the more abstract topic lecturers won't have covered in so much detail, so they'll need to stick to the core topics, and specifically the readings from the textbook. Yep. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no No comment.