 Now I've got to remember what I did on Monday. Um, okay, I got up early-ish. It's my sister's birthday, so I got up and had breakfast with the fam. And then, then what? Oh, I sat down because the Olympic closing ceremony was on, so I got pretty hooked watching that. And then I caught the train and bus to uni. I didn't drive for once. Got in here about quarter past ten, went to the O-Week office and got some work done. Then I had a lecture from 11 till 12.30 odd. Then had a meeting with portfolio team at one o'clock. Unfortunately it was going to be down at the blockhouse, but one of them couldn't walk down the hill that far as he had been running the city to surf. So yeah, had that. And then, I'm getting confused about times now. Then I had a meeting with my ARC buddy. Buddy? It was a bit awkward, but that's okay. That went for about an hour and 15. Then ducked back downstairs to the O-Week office to get my my homework handwritten. I had typed it, but you have to hand write it for a couple of my subjects. So I hand wrote it out before racing off to a couple of classes. So one started at 4.30, at 4.00 sorry, but I had to discreetly bail from that one at 4.30 to go get photos taken for somebody graduating. Then ran into a mate's sister and his parents up at Library Lawn. They were there as she was graduating as well. They had a grandfather there who couldn't walk too well, but she was desperate to go to the White House before the graduation ceremony to ease the pain a little bit. So I very successfully used my yellow shirts knowledge to get them through the lifts at both the end of Morven Brown and in the quad, which is quite ironic because that mate gives me a lot of shit about yellow shirts being useless. So I did manage to rub it in a bit, saying that I got his folks to the pub. Then had class at 5 o'clock and left at about 6.00. Had to get myself to Circular Quay for my sister's birthday dinner, so decided rather than trusting the bus along Elizabeth Street, I'd catch the bus to Central and catch the train from there. So made it in pretty early. And then we had dinner. Met my mum, dad, sister, grandmother there and girlfriend met us there. Had dinner, it was nice, and then headed home. Would have left there about quarter to nine. Girlfriend and I, my sister drive home in one car. Mum and dad dropped my grandmother home and yeah, we went home, straight home, because we had to give my sister her present, which was the starting of a tea set for her for her 21st. Luckily girlfriend had thought up that one because there was no hope in hell of me getting a good present. And yeah, then headed to bed. So you pick quite a full day in the end. About 6.30, not this week, no. A couple of hours, hour and a half, nine o'clock, no, it would be about seven, quarter past seven by the time I'd had a shower, got dressed, yeah, no. But just we were all there. Yes. Would have ended up three cars in the city and I wanted to have a beer with dinner. I prefer, prefer driving. Wasn't so bad on the way in. On the way out to Central there was a bit of a bus queue at Eddy Avenue and luckily two bendy, oh sorry, caught from Anzac Parade in the afternoon because I wanted to go directly to Central and they're quicker and more reliable from there. Bit of much of a muchness on the quad which way you go there are, but they're less frequent. Yeah, yeah, less frequent. Coffee on campus, yeah, wow. It's a five minute walk from the blockhouse to there so I would have saved him a bit of walking. He was waiting around for photos so he walked along the flat through to the quad and then caught the lift back up to the contact office to spend the afternoon. Probably would have but I wasn't gonna tell him that. No. Yes. One of them is leaving. He has got a job elsewhere. They may have been fighting in front of me about ways that things are done or things are going to be done. The one that's leaving was very nonchalant about the whole thing and very critical of other people. How long did it go for? About an hour with both of them and then he left and about 15 minutes extra. Much prefer my other. Well I've got an extra 48 hours of two and then I'm down to just one. Very excited. I did when we had to work together but his attitude has changed dramatically since he resigned. Didn't trust Elizabeth Street because it can get quite busy. I just didn't want to be sitting on a bus going nowhere. Yeah it was in the end. No. But yeah it was less time. I only waited two minutes for a bus and then I walked up the stairs and got onto a train. So and they get me pretty much. Well the bus would have gone direct from Upper Campus but they both pull up at Circular Quay train station so not much difference at the other end. 25 minutes? Yeah. About 15 minutes. No, two minutes. Generally speaking it's an enormous queue. I was just lucky that when I rocked up there two bendy buses rocked up and I was the last one onto the second bendy bus so it, in all likelihood, if I wasn't that last person it could have added an extra 10 minutes to my trip. constraint there too. Okay run this. Radioactive. Radioactive. Radioactive. Radioactive. Radioactive. Radioactive, radioactive radioactive. Radioactive radioactive radioactive radioactive. Radioactive, radioactive, radioactive. Radioactive, radioactive, radioactive. Radioactive radioactive radioactive. Bird 1.