 woke up Saturday. Wow, that actually requires remembering where I woke up. Um, where was I? I stayed at a girlfriend's place after the cruise. Um, so we woke up slow morning by the time we got up, had brekkie, and then just sat and read the paper because I was meant to go home and study. And yeah, really didn't get up to doing it. Um, and eventually, because we'd had a cruise the night before, my car was at home, so she dropped me home for me to go home and do a few hours study. Um, and then I was going back around to her place later on that night. So yeah, did a few hours worth of study, had a bit of an argument with the manufacturer of a router that's not working and uh, internet company. Um, so yeah, that was my day on Saturday. And did eat breakfast, peanut butter toast, um, so nothing fancy. Same old, same old and a cup of tea. Uh, white with two sugars. Uh, well, it's normally full cream milk, but they drink light milk, which is a bit devastating. No, it's too watery. That's even worse. Even worse, it's like white water. I went on exchange once, Canada for two months and that's all the family drank was gimm milk. And I ended up sneaking out and buying full cream milk and keeping it in a fridge downstairs, average. Um, just white toast. I get it from some farmer, direct delivery every couple of days. You order it online, um, and they deliver to the door, um, at like 4am in the morning, uh, every couple of days. Fresh, uh, two litres of milk and a loaf of bread every couple of days. Which is good because there's always like bread and there's always milk at least, as opposed to running out. So they only get one loaf of bread and one two litre milk. Yeah. No, no. Apart from some leftover wallets from a show bag. Oh, trolley or yuppie. They're pretty much the same company. They're ridiculously sweet or sour. That was the best show bag. Did go to the Easter show. Went on Good Friday with my girlfriend and her mum and her parents, uh, her grandparents, sorry. Um, which is good fun, but we ended up getting there at like 8.30 in the morning, which is quite early, especially after toga party night. Um, and then, yeah, we ended up leaving at 6.30. So that was good. Yep. Attempted to study, um, but it wasn't an overly successful process because V8 supercars were on and that was much better than reading finance text. Yeah, I did a bit of study, but it was mainly readings, which I've got to catch up on. Yeah, I did get some done. It just wasn't successful. Uh, went around to girlfriend's place, um, got takeaway. So I ducked up to Epping to get it. Um, and, um, yeah, had that. Tried to find a movie on a, on a hard drive, but they were all pretty poor. Ended up starting to watch Munich, um, and got about halfway through it when we realised that we were over an hour in and there was an hour and a half, hour and 40 minutes to go. So we just, and, uh, yeah, so I still haven't finished it yet. We were going to finish it last night, but preferred something just like funny, as opposed to something a bit serious. Which night? Uh, Indian takeaway. Oh, lamb Rogan Josh and chicken tikka, which we ordered from a place. Um, but we couldn't find what the name of it was. Couldn't remember. So we looked it up online and we found the name was like Baloo's or something. And, um, when we ended up going there, it had a different name out the front of it. And it was quite confusing because we were like dead certain we ordered it from that place. So we walk inside and the guy sort of just looks at us and I'm meekly, is that like, Oh, you know, we're, we're here to pick up takeaway. And in, in typical fashion, he's like, Oh, certainly, certainly just have a seat. You know, just have a seat there. And Kate was, my girlfriend was getting stressed at the time because she just wanted food and to go and she's like, I don't want to sit down because I just want the food. I was like, let's just sit down and chill for a bit. But yeah, it turned out to be the right place. They just have two different restaurants, two separate restaurants and the ones, uh, catering company as well. And that's the parent restaurant. So that's called Baloo's now. And then there's a different name for the one at Epping now. Yeah. It went to the Epping place, but yeah, no, it's not. No, it's Mahal Palace or something. Yeah. It was, it was very, very confusing because the website definitely gives the one phone number, but yeah, it's a parent restaurant and a child restaurant. Yeah. So that was pretty productive. Even though I didn't do much study, they tried to fix the internet, got closer to fixing that. Well, I got, got stuff done. It was relaxing. I probably got about four hours worth of work done between fixing the internet and, uh, uni work. Um, and then relaxing time, which is good. Just the one, no cups of tea in the evening. Yeah. It's water. It's water and tea. Yep. No comment, not comment, not come in, not comment, not comment, not comment, not comment, not comment, no comment, not comment, not going to comment. Yeah. Comment. Not going to comment. Not coming. No comment.