 Okey-doke. Wake up time Tuesday would have been 6.30. I was out the door about 7.25, catching the train with a couple of mates because they work in the city and I was getting off at Chatswood. So by doubling up my time of transport time and friend time, I can save a little bit of time and squeeze a bit more out. I got to work at about 8 o'clock and I was at work until about 11.30. At 11.30 I had to duck out and get a present for my girlfriend whose birthday is on Saturday. I hadn't organised anything yet and I don't really have much time for the rest of the week. So I had to do that at 11.30. At 12 o'clock I raced and caught a train back home where I got changed and picked up bagpipes and then stupidly during school holidays at lunchtime wearing a kilt went to McDonald's to get lunch. That was a bad mistake. From there I raced up to Wurrunga and tuned up quickly. Again, silly mistake, tuned up in the park which was full of people out enjoying the sunshine and then walked around the block to a church to play at a funeral. So I played before the funeral while people were arriving and I played at the end, which is alright but the minister spoke for ages so it was a bit boring, especially when you've got no idea of who the person is. So after that I got away from there at about 3.15, raced home, got changed and headed out here to uni. I would have got here at about 5.15. Went down to the O-Week office, nicked some whiteboard markers and then came up, found a room in Quad, nice big whiteboard, met with a sponsorship group, squad leaders and we were brainstorming for about an hour and a half. So at about 6.30 headed home. It was a pretty good run home, got home about 7.15, which was pretty good for that time of night and then got home, had dinner and then did some study after that and caught up on the night before's underbelly, which I hadn't watched. And all in all, at about 10 o'clock when I was knackered so I went to bed. So that's the majority of what I did yesterday. I try to get more done in the morning. I find if I sleep in I don't get any done. So yeah, I try to wake up at 30 plus, it's easier if you're waking up at the same time each and every day. Yeah, I managed to squeeze out three and a half hours worth of work, which was enough to get by for this week. I can do remote access so I'll catch up an extra few hours. No, I won't be until next Tuesday. No, not at uni for class on Tuesdays. The school I used to go to, I played with the old boys pipe band and one of the staff members there, their mother died, so she asked the school band for a piper but they're all away on school holidays so I get the jobs during school holidays. Question. Five, six, one, two, thirteen years. Yeah, I enjoy it. Oh, because it was, McDonald's was full and everyone just was staring at me. Yeah, it was quite funny and you could see little kids going, mommy why is that man wearing a skirt? Oh, knee length, yeah, long socks as well, you know. I always tune away from the job because it's much better if you turn up and you're all tuned up and it's right to go. I got quite a little bit of a crowd going. I was very tempted to kick open the lid of my bag and see if people threw some money in but it was mainly kids who didn't have any money. One little kid came along on his scooter with his little brother. The older brother had been along before and he came back five minutes later with his younger brother and he's like, see, here's the piper over here and they came and started watching for a while. They did, they did. Unfortunately, they came just at the end of when I was piping so the little brother didn't get to see me pipe. No, I was running late already because there was no way I was wearing a kilt to uni, end of story. No, it's on my way from Wurrunga through Gordon. I left Gordon at about four o'clock and I got into uni at about quarter to so that's 45 minutes. It was a 15, 20 minute drive back from Wurrunga and then yeah, by the time I got home, got changed and packed away all my stuff so that's right for next time. I would have to be on the losing end of a rather large bet before that happened. Um, oh, because there's just too many questions, too much laughter. Yeah, but yeah, but no. Yeah, it was good. A lot of brainstorming but at the end of the day, last year, or the cumulative list of years prior, had everything that we mentioned so we weren't able to come up with anything new but that's to be expected when the odd list is 460 companies. I do but I didn't have any option because one of the squad leaders is a cadet and is on the in at uni on Tuesday afternoons. We could but it would have meant that we weren't meeting at uni or somebody else. I'd rather me being the one put out rather than either of them. Yep, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.