 Saturday morning, lazy morning, and then I was meant to be studying on Saturday, but had a few assessments last week and decided I'd take Saturday off as a bit of a break. So woke up and drove my girlfriend back to her house to pick up shoes, which she had to pick up because we were going to pick up her ball dress from where it was being altered, and so she had to have the shoes that she was going to wear to try with the dress to make sure that the alterations were the right height. So we ducked there, then we ducked back to Macquarie Centre to pick up the shoes and get some photos scanned and whatnot. Power of good advertising. After seeing a Hungry Jacks ad for one of those mini burgers that come in double, I was like, yeah, if we're going to Macquarie, I have to be getting one of them. And luckily there was Hungry Jacks Macquarie, and unfortunately the burger was a bit of a letdown, but I'd get it again, but just not quite as high expectations. And then went back to her place, just chilled, read the paper for a bit, worked out what we were going to do that night, and we ended up going to see a movie called Wish You Were Here. So it's about two couples that go to Cambodia, but only three of them come back. And we went to dinner before that, which is nice. I mean, it was a nice early night because we were done by 8.30. Went home, started watching a show called Dating in the Dark, which is hilarious. So the premise of the show is that there are three people, sorry, three males, three females going to a house, live on different levels of the house so they don't see each other, it's just only for a couple of days, and there's a dark room that both can enter. So it starts off that all six of them are in the dark room, it's a bit of a blind date, say, who are you, what's your name, and then they go away and they decide based upon that and something else that changes every time. This time it was like photos of each other, scars or tattoos. They still have no idea what they look like in general. They have to then choose one of them to go on a date with them in the dark room, and that's about as far as we got before Kate made me turn it off because it was too awkward. But yeah, it's hilarious and very awkward because it's pitch black but they've got infrared cameras in there. You can see exactly what's going on, and so somebody will say something and you'll see their face of the other person just like real back in like horror, and some people are way too upfront in a dark room than they need to be. So that was Saturday. Sunday got up nice and early, went to breakfast with a mate, which was good, and then went home, got a bit of study done, dropped back over to my girlfriend's place to fix her mum's phone. After that, came home, cleaned up the house, and then went to the rugby for the afternoon. And yeah, after the rugby, went home, pretty tired, had a bit of dinner, went to bed, nice early night, which is good. At none, because I had a couple of assessments last week so I thought I'd give myself the day off. Not overly, I was fairly chilled. I went to Macquarie Centre from where I reside, probably only about a 10 minute drive. It's billed as being a scary movie, but I wouldn't really call it scary. On the Saturday night, went to an Italian place, pasta, marinara, it's good, they do things, everything in entree size, so for people like myself, who don't eat much, you can just get the entree size, and then it's cheaper. Yep, when I can. I can never finish a main size, so. That was an early night. Then we went to bed, about 9.30, tired. That was busier than Saturday, sorry. I actually did some study, went out to see a rugby match in the afternoon, couple of hours, union. Completely different game. Rugby union's a lot better than rugby league. A lot more tactics, more rules, and yeah, no. They say that rugby league is a gentleman's game played by thug, and rugby union's a thug's game played by gentleman. No, it went for precisely 80 minutes. Oh, then there was half time, so if you take that into account, approximately 90 minutes. Well, there is, but you can't accurately measure that. Oh, they stopped the clock for that. At the match form, we got there about 15 minutes early, and stayed for a beer afterwards, so we left it around about half an hour after the game finished. Went there at about 10 to 4, and left at 6.20.