 Yesterday, oh yesterday was a busy day. I woke up early, drove down to work, I was there about 7.30 and then pumped out as much work as I could before leaving at 12.30. Came to uni, grabbed some lunch and then I had three interviews back to back without a break and then they went from three to six and then I headed home after a bit of chatting after the interviews, had dinner, did some work, then watched that great show Lara Bimbo and then after that, Olympics and then went to bed, went to sleep. So it was a busy day but just big chunks of things. No class yesterday, day off. Work at Chatswood, admin at an accountancy firm. It's a job, it's admin, problem solving as opposed to data entry. Yes, but none of them have the flexibility of working for your dad as many as I want so yeah, literally it's all up to me as to when I work. It's a pretty good run in, 25 minute. Tunnel from Chatswood, Harbour Tunnel, then Ed, then tried to find some parking down the bottom end of campus because I was in the blockhouse and my usual parking spot's a bit further up campus so that took a while. Yeah, eventually, behind NIDA. It's not that convenient for my usual day which is more middle campus but for when I was finishing down the bottom of campus last night and I had a bit of time to spare when parking so I was like, well I might as well drive around and find a better park because I know when I'm leaving I'm going to just want to get back to the car as soon as possible because it makes it harder to get here. Oh then you've got to take Carl Expressway and it's just a pain, much easier to take the tunnel. Then I would have gone bridge. There's never been a delay worth going the bridge because usually if there's a delay in the tunnel most people will go bridge and it's just the same. Eight minutes, give or take. More than five, more than five less than ten. About 1.30, parked, got lunch, that was about it. Walked into uni, had a chat, by that stage it would have been about 1.30. Get lunch and eat lunch, subway, yeah. Then walk back, yeah. Yeah, they were good. Long, repetitive. They're now, they're a 45 minute interview and some people, it's hard that type of interview because you have to take fairly detailed notes and so when somebody finishes answering a question you're often still writing and because you're still writing they feel that they need to keep talking and because they keep talking you keep writing and you end up going in quite long circles. So, no, no, I went for more of the subliminal message of when I was done writing or if I was getting close, getting ready to turn over my page just to give them the hint that yep, that's good. You don't need to keep on going down the circle again. Half an hour or so. Crown Street and then tunnel. No, yep, yes. Because there's been breakdown in the tunnel that I've known about in advance because it was worth it that time. The incident was such that there was one lane closed so it was easier to take the bridge, especially going northbound. Lara Bingle and then the Olympics because she's a bit of a bimbo because it is great TV where you don't have to concentrate at all and you can just laugh at the program. I don't know, I don't know if it knows what it's meant to be. It's more of just a show and you can literally miss between a couple of ad breaks and you will have not missed anything. You can sit down and it's just the same. No, um, no, no. Interesting yes, because sometimes it's interesting just to see how some people think. Yeah, without being too rude, I don't think she's got enough talent to act so I think it is kind of genuine because she wouldn't be able to pull off stupid. So yes, The Shire. It is brilliant. Exact same. It's zoned out telly where you're just not engaged, where you just don't have to worry about keeping up with the storyline or anything like that. There is no storyline to most of them. Yeah, I watched Big Brother, original Big Brother, and then dropped off as it went. As Big Brother went from being more of a documentary to more of a people promoting themselves. The first Big Brother people didn't even know if they were on telly or not. They were a bit shocked by it all. And then after that people were going on with the express view of getting famous. I'll watch the start of it. We'll see how long that keeps me entertained for. Yeah, um, the difference is that, um, Lara Bingham is very different because they're not trying to show so much of the bad side of Lara. And The Shire is different because it's not, it's a selected bit of people's outside life as opposed to a race to the bottom of society, which Big Brother can get to. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. comment!