 Um, so, woke up, so I was in Adelaide on Friday, um, a bit of context there, uh, at Uni Games, and I would have woken up at about 6-ish, 6.30 maybe, um, with a couple other people in the room, so I would have had, um, the Black Roper and Fanta Pants in the room with me, um, which is everyone's nickname, me being Lizzie, um, and, oh, what did I do? Alright, so I had to find the keys, because, or we parked on, like, the main streets, and it was metered parking from 8 o'clock, so, found my set of keys, and then, when I knocked on the doors of, uh, uh, the Shocker, who was to the room to the left of us, got his set of keys, then came back and woke up Pants, got her to go and get the girls' set of keys, um, uh, then, what was the order? Yeah, so me and Pants went to go and put money in the cars, um, moved them appropriately, blah blah blah, um, had to get them to what, I don't know, games, so would have put money in till 9 o'clock or something. Um, then went and had breakfast and coffee before heading back to the hotel, um, bummed around for a bit, uh, then I would have jumped in the van, walked back to the van, jumped in the van, driven it to the, uh, the hotel, which was the Hilton, um, got everyone to pile their stuff in, driven off to the State Hockey Center, and had our, uh, playoff for third, um, against UTS, which didn't go quite according to plan, um, we had, uh, what's his name, uh, Twitch in goals, um, so Twitch kept about half the games the week and I kept the other half, and, um, Twitch is a keeper, but I was probably keeping better than him for the week, so it was a little bit, um, iffy, I mean, I'm also one of the better field players as well, so kind of needed me on the field, so I was on the field, Twitch was in the goals, and, um, we ended up losing 5-4, um, and a couple of the goals that were scored against us I'm 100% sure I would have saved, um, because they were just, yeah, stuff ups for half, which is fine, uh, he's not a big hockey player, but, um, a little bit frustrating as someone on the field, especially because, ah, my position is half, which is kind of defensive position, um, so I wasn't really in the capacity to score, so all I could do was help defend, and, um, once you're down, you kind of have to rely on your forwards to try and get the goals back, um, I played a good game, but not enough to make up for a couple of, um, stuff ups by the fullbacks, which led to goals, direct goals, um, a little unfortunate, um, it was the biggest by-poll of the day as well, one minute was, you know, nice and sunny and it was all warm, next minute, um, one of the guys on the sideline was saying that literally five minutes away from the edge of the pitch, and he was saying he could not see the game, it was raining that heavily, um, so we were fairly drenched by the end of the game, which did not have us in a good mood, also the fact that we lost to UTS 5-4 in the semi-finals, and had a chance right on the, um, the end bell to score as well, but stuffed up due to miscommunication, um, between a couple of the strikers, um, so, look, we played, it was probably the best game of hockey, like, we took in all week, um, not our best, there was a game that we won 11-1, but, um, the best game, both sides, um, and, yeah, it was a little bit disappointing, because it was the end of our week, and we came fourth, which is, you know, just out of middle, so, um, it's always a little bit sad to be that close and then walk away with nothing, um, third, so we were the third-fourth playoff, and, uh, first and second would have been, uh, Queensland Tech and, so we lost to Queensland Tech in the semi, UTS lost to, I don't think so, but I can't remember, um, yes, um, so we played them twice, we played them once in the pool stages, once in the finals, um, pool stages we lost 3-2 to them, and one of those, I was keeping that game, and one of those goals I really should have saved, um, so, like, it was even, really, so it should have been 2-1, uh, and in the finals they beat us 6-1, um, I think they were probably a bit hungover the first time they played us, and we were probably a bit hungover the second time we played, um, also, my keeping was a bit atrocious in the second game, there was a couple of goals which, oh no, there was a goal, which was a complete stuff up, um, and even the, the player that scored wasn't even trying to score, he was trying to pass, he mis-hit it, I was reading where he was trying to pass it, so I dived the wrong direction, because I was expecting to go one way, anyway, um, and then I went in, and we both just looked at each other and went, how did that happen, whatever, um, and then our forwards weren't scoring at all, so it was kind of, um, oh, that was a good def, no, I was on the field, um, I was at right half, um, managed to do this, this, this, this, which obviously they're not going to see for the, the speaking, but, um, nice big scar on my arm, um, taking someone out, um, I was beaten in offence, and trying to get back, and I probably over committed to, um, trying to get to the ball, anyway, the other guy got there first, and I, um, went straight through him, um, which was a little unfort, I, I pulled up the foul, like, it was, it was a terrible tackle, um, but I was kind of well out of position and had to make up for it somehow, um, yeah, it's good, um, and then, what happened, oh, so we were going home, back to the hotel, packed bags, cleaned rooms, most of us checking out either that night or the morning after, um, uh, drove people to the airport, stuff like that, and we would have gone out, uh, we would have had, uh, tribunal, which is pretty much like a two hour long drinking game, uh, subsets of drinking games withheld, so we would have done, uh, lay back, presents, just lots of, um, uh, a present is a concoction, not necessarily alcoholic, but frequently, um, of just pretty much whatever we can get our hands, well, whatever the, the people in charge, the bigs can get their hands on that doesn't go together, um, it, it's called the search for the next Jagerbomb, but pretty much just like, they'll pour, I don't know, milk in with some vodka, add in like, a bit of like, chicken stock, maybe some Wheat Bix, uh, chocolate mousse, you just, stuff which you would never put together normally, um, and it's kind of like a form of punishment, so if you've done something particularly bad, um, so Shocker, um, the, the guy down the hall, um, is always getting carted, because he's an atrocious tackler, and um, every time he got carted, he would have given a present, and it would have been, you know, lots of fun every time. Yeah, um, the point is made beforehand to make sure there's a clear road to the bathroom, um, in case of, uh, regurgitation, which does frequently happen, um, yeah, it's not designed to be pleasant, um, I think it's a bit tradition, um, so everyone is, you start off as a pending, so pending Steve, whatever, um, and then as you, um, you, throughout the week, you do something stupid or something will happen to you, or you know, there'll be some event which kind of, um, they, is then adapted to a nickname, um, so one of the guys, um, as punishment for doing something silly, he had some of his hair shaved off, just the middle bit, um, and he said, it looked like, um, a monk kind of person, so his nickname was subsequently Fry-a-tuck, um, and he'll have that name painted on his, um, his, like, team uniform, and that, that's literally how he's now referred to as, like, um, yeah, it gets to the point where, like, I don't remember some of the people's names, I just know their nicknames, and coming back to the real world afterwards, it can be a bit awkward, um, because some people have some really unfortunate names. They're, they're not nice, uh, traditionally. I, mine being Lizzie is fairly benign, um, stands for, yeah, Wing Defence Liz Ellis is my full name, um, but yeah, there are some really, really bad ones, uh, which I won't repeat, because, yeah, sure thing. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.