 on Saturday. Um, oh, I don't remember much of Saturday. Um, did I, I don't even remember. This is like, Saturday's all of a blur, like I don't have it at night, and that's about it. Um, woke up at about, well got out of bed at about 11. Um, had breakfast, got frustrated that my brother had decided to go and have a driving lesson when we were meant to be up at the local game store at 11.30. Um, so, got a text from my mate saying that, you know, he was up there and where was I, or where were all of us to be more exact. And I was like, I'm waiting for Matt, my little brother. Um, anyway, eventually he got home, we walked up, and we did something called a draft of Magic. Um, to which, uh, did alright, I guess. I came fourth out of seven, smack on average. Um, and then, stayed around for a bit, trading and playing games, casually. And then, came home and worked on my psych assignment, which was lots and lots of fun. Um, yeah, actually hang on, when did I, yeah, bummed around on YouTubers a bit, but that was it, went to bed relatively early, at least by my standards. Um, he's part of the, well he was in the tournament as well, so, um, there were seven players, um, and, wasn't meant to be eight, but one of the guys pulled out sick, chest infection. Um, joy, and yeah, so, I could have gone up without him, and he could have followed me up, you know, when he got home, but seemed a bit silly to go without him. Uh, he could have, uh, he, he went driving with my dad, um, and neither of them are very good at answering their mobile phones. So, as far as getting communication to either of them was gonna happen, I would have had to leave a note at home, at which point he would have got home, and then, he's literally in the first, like, five hours of learning to drive. Um, so dad would never have actually let him, let him drive there, dad would have had to drop him, at which point they would have already got home, and so, nah, I, I know them. Um, Matt, if I'd called him, his phone would have been upstairs, and I would have heard it ringing, as always. And, dad only answers his phone, like, yeah, when he's not doing stuff. So, didn't really matter in the end, um, wasn't like, you know, the world was gonna end if we got up there a bit late, so, it's just easier to wait. Quarter past twelve? Yeah, but we were also the second and third person there, respectively, out of a group of seven. Everyone's always late. That's another reason why I wasn't too fast, because, um, I told everyone to be up there at eleven thirty, and I kind of, in my head, that means everyone will be up there by twelve, um, and it's just unfortunate that one of the guys actually was up there by eleven thirty, um, so. Nah, he was fine. We've been friends, I mean, the group of us have been friends for, you know, almost ten years now, so we kind of know how it works. He was more expecting me to be up there on time, because I normally am on time, and one of the other guys as well, but both of the people who would normally get there on time were travelling with other people, so me with my brother and my other mate with another one of the people in the group, which kind of delayed everyone. Nah, it's a self-run tournament, um, me, I, I'm pretty much the facilitating of the tournament running, um, so I do timekeeping and round organizing and all that, um, a local game store, it's called Good Games. Um, they do a bunch of, they've got at least two tournaments there a day of some variety. Um, while we were up there, there were four tournaments going on, so our own tournament, there was a Pokemon card tournament, um, what else, a Heroclix tournament, and, uh, oh, what do you call it, um, Elder Dragon something or other tournament, yeah. Um, it's just a way to test your skills. Most of these games are, you know, childish card games and, well, model figurine games and stuff like that, um, and it's mostly a casual thing, but most people also like to have that competitive nature, um, at which point you go and join in one of these tournaments. Yeah, so I have never actually participated in any of the other game, the tournaments that this particular game store's run, we just do our own, like, with our, in our small group, and we use their facilities, um, because we have to purchase things from there anyway, uh, the cards in this case, that means people can go and buy drinks or chips or whatever else while we're playing, so. We normally do, we've recently switched to hosting at the, um, game store, um, simply because I feel guilty invading my home with ten young adult males, um, multiple times a week, um, so trying to shift it across to the, um, game store to, well, make it better for mum, basically. Um, mostly good, uh, there's a little less, um, the tables are crammed in very tight up at the game store, because they want to try and fit in as much as possible, uh, so it's a bit, like, jumping over each other to get to, you know, your chair or whatever else, um, otherwise it's mostly good, um, it's a bit of, well, not a bit, it's a different atmosphere, it is a very much a nerdy geek atmosphere, um, and seeing as that's what we're doing, it's kind of appropriate, um, not, not really. Um, I think my guilt of taking up all the space outweighs my desire to, um, yeah, have those comforts. Uh, the tournament ran from about 12.30 till 3.30, so three hour of the tournament, and then, um, we would've stayed around for an extra, well, I personally stayed around for about an extra hour on top of that, trading cards, playing other random games, and the others, most of the others stayed longer than that, but I left early to get some work done. How do you mean? Yeah, um, yeah, it, we, we tend to start the tournaments when everyone gets there, um, so of the seven, one of them arrived at 11.30, there was, well, me and my brother arrived at 12.15, another couple arrived at 12.20, uh, and then, yeah, we trickled in over the time, um, so we would've started when everyone got there. Um, the tournaments would run for a similar length of time, but we tend to stick around a little longer afterwards, um, playing different formats, different styles, um, yeah, we, we've, I've seen, you know, 12 hours of straight play in a day, and, yeah, that, that's, that's probably the most I've ever done of straight magic, but, um, um, they make the money, we have to purchase all the cards from them in the first place, so on Sunday that was 21 packs, um, at $5 a pack, they make, yeah, 105, whatever it is, um, and then we also buy drinks, I wouldn't tell you how much of that was purchased, um, there's also, we do a fair bit of random impulse buying, um, so, not on Sunday, but, uh, I was there, yeah, last night as well, and one of the guys walks in and goes, ooh, new dice, I'm gonna buy those, spends $15 on a set of new dice, just because he walked by them kind of thing, um, so, it's kind of like kid in a candy store, you, you walk into this place and you just wanna get everything, yeah. No comment.