 Yesterday was Tuesday. I woke up, alarm went off at what would have been quarter past seven. Then probably hit snooze four or five times. Eventually got up. What did I eat for breakfast? I have no idea. Had breakfast, made lunch, jumped in a train, bus, came to uni. Nine o'clock class was psych 2071, perception and cognition. Pretty fun. Two hour class then, what did I even do yesterday? Oh, went to, no that was Monday. I have no idea. Well I had a two hour gap, don't remember what I did in it. Then I went to computing lecture and my microelectronics lecture after that. And then went home. Oh, did some work, then went home. And then had a few of the boys over last night and we played cards till one in the morning. Ordered pizza, yeah, it was good. Magic the Gathering, so nerdy, nerdy card games. Played two different formats, we played league format and cube star draft format. We would have started playing probably at about seven-ish and then finished at one, so what, six hours? Well, playing cards, chatting, bumming around, but primarily, yeah, that was the activity. Not that I can think of. Yeah, no, not yesterday. Computer didn't even get turned on. I have been but didn't yesterday. No, the only computer I used yesterday was the one for study with. Fun. Yeah, considering how much time I spend on them, that's a bit interesting. But no, Tuesday nights is boys' night traditionally, so social. High school friends primarily, and my little brothers as well, brother singular. But yeah, no, my mates from high school, my year. Fairly consistently. We had a couple of people missing yesterday but we did it anyway. Well, we don't normally play cards, normally we do, we play Dungeons and Dragons. And you need your primary person to do that, so one person who runs the show kind of thing. So when he's missing, we tend not to. He was missing yesterday but then we just substituted with cards, pretty much. We had brief spells toying with other role-playing systems back in high school, but we're talking eight years ago. D10 system called World of Darkness, which is vampires' world. This is before Twilight, I will preface everything with that. Yeah, and magic and whatever else, so it's modern day stuff. And D20 future, which is another system, which is science fiction. Bit of Star Wars actually, we played briefly. That was fun. Not very conducive to role-playing, but fun. Well, the Knights moved a lot, but I've been playing D&D once a week since year seven, so about ten years now. I think after ten years I probably would have stopped if I didn't, but yeah, no, I do enjoy it. Yeah, I mean, I'm probably the weakest link. These days I mostly do it to see them, because high school friends tend not to keep in contact otherwise. So it's an excuse to see them once a week, but yeah, it's still fun. If I'd done that four years ago, I would have said yes. And I've grown out of video games and other things I used to do, but I actually think I'm not likely to grow out of D&D simply because it's the people I do it with, not the actual game itself. Same thing for them. I mean, it's kind of like we do it because we've always done it, and we wouldn't have... I mean, they're not particularly sporty, so that's something which I do a lot of, but they don't. And they're all art students, so I don't cover that kind of area. So there's a lot of differences that we don't have, but that we have individually. But this is something that we all do together, so it's good. I do study psych. It's not an arts... well, I actually use arts, but anyway. It's under science. But yeah, psych is fun, and some of them do do psych. Mostly there's a minor, one of them, Harry. But one of them's graduated his philosophy major. One of them's in... well, he will end up in some form of politics. He's like a rep at... he's on the union board over there, and he's an SRC and whatever else. Actually earns money out of it, but anyway. And then one of them will be a teacher, as opposed to me, who's going to be... loves my maths and sits in labs most of the day. We have lost a person over the years who plays other games with other people these days. I mean, like, similar games, so he's not really grown out of it, but we see him maybe once every three months these days. And he used to be one of the group, one of the very tight individuals, but yeah, these days he's vanished. Into systems. The system that we're playing at the moment, the particular version of Dungeons & Dragons, I'm not a fan of. So I'd like to substitute that out. But as far as substituting, I don't know, sports in or something, I'm happy with what we've got, because I can do sports otherwise. So... isn't that all sports? Board games? It's kind of two different parts of my life which are very separate, because I play hockey, I play soccer when I can, netball on occasion. And I enjoy all of that, but with these friends, it would never happen. Them doing sport is interesting. Although I have convinced one of them to play squash with me, so that's good. But board... oh, I thought you said ball. My bad! Anyway, we... eh, we can't... We've never tried, to be honest. Probably stuck in our ways. There are some good board games out there. We always toss around. The local game store sells them. But we wouldn't play any of the traditional ones, Monopoly or Scrabble or anything like that. I'm not a trivia person. I would probably veto that straight out of the box. There are other similar to role-playing games type board games, which we could and we have talked about at points, but yeah, I think it's just tradition that we do what we do.