 Um, I woke up before my alarm clock, which I think is the first time that has ever happened in my life. Um, it's interesting because I was up till one the night before and I woke up at 6 30. Um, didn't realize that I'd woken up before my alarm. I just kind of like automatically got out of bed because Tuesday morning is one of the few mornings I have to be up and uni at nine. Um, this is kind of an automatic process. It got up, picked up my phone to like, I don't know, check Facebook or something. It's one of the first things I do in the morning and was like, oh, I don't have to be up yet. Um, so I was a bit lost what to do. Normally, yeah, alarm goes off 45 minutes before I leave. I hit snooze a few times. I get up with 15 minutes to go and then I leave. But I got off and I'm just like, I don't know what to do. So I had a shower, like made sandwiches, made like actual made breakfast, still had time to leave. Got to uni early. Um, I was exhausted all day. Didn't get enough sleep. But anyway, um, yeah, got to a class, uh, perception and cognition of psychology. Uh, lots of fun. Got to role play an amnesiac. Um, so, uh, anterograde amnesia, which is, um, when you have, uh, can't make new memories. So you remember old memories, but can't make new ones. So like, if you would have asked me what question you just asked me, I would not remember. Um, or I'd realize how I feel this sentence. I didn't actually know what I was talking about and I was just talking and I just stopped. So, um, it was pretty fun to do. Just kind of like he kept trying to, the tutor kept trying to trip me up, like asking me questions, which I shouldn't know the answer to or that I should or whatever. Anyway, that was fun. Then bummed around, went to computing lecture and then a microelectronics lecture. Uh, actually when I was going to the microelectronics lecture, um, there was a fire alarm at the red center. So literally half the lecture just got canned because we got there, well, got there sitting out the front with, um, the lecturer, Torsten, and, um, he's just standing there going like, I don't know what to do. So, um, lost half of it, but that's all right. Um, we're finally getting to interesting stuff in the course. We've been doing, um, really basic design so far and we've finally gotten to like some of the mathsy stuff, which is nice. Um, then went home and had a games night again. Um, played D&D for a few hours and then magic until, I don't know when we stopped. I got to bed at 2.30. That's what I, that's the only thing I know. Yeah. Um, so yeah, good day. I don't know. Um, I'd say paranoid about getting to class, but I've been late to the class a couple of times now and it hasn't concerned me. I just, yeah, I have no idea. Yeah, no tired, no less tired than I normally am when I wake up. I'm a very bad morning person. Um, so it wasn't noticeably different. It was just, yeah, yeah. I do it if there's something like I'm paranoid about in the morning. So, you know, get into a shift or, um, job interview, exam, stuff like that, but not just no reason. I don't know. I was more or less, yeah, it's quarter past seven. It's all kind of the same thing at that time. I honestly, I don't actually know when I woke up. I just know that when I looked at my phone, which could have been anywhere from immediately to like 15 minutes later, that entire part is hazy. Um, yeah, yeah. Um, not completely. Um, concussion will at least temporarily is a short term thing. Uh, cause obsessive concussions can cause forms of amnesia. Um, quite typically actually the type of I was doing anterograde. There are two major types of anterograde and retrograde. Retrograde being past events, anterograde being not able to make new ones. Um, and concussion, uh, successive concussions can lead to anterograde. Um, but it's kind of like a mild concussions, like a can't remember like the last half an hour kind of thing. Um, you get severe cases where it's like they think they're four years in the past, but that, you know, they wake up the following morning and that's fine. Um, but yeah, uh, it's slightly more extreme in that we're talking about, um, someone who like you could, you know, read me a list of numbers. I would not be able to tell them back to you. You could, um, ask me who had, I just been talking to. I would not be able to remember his name, stuff like that. Um, no, um, you, you don't. Um, we, there are many case studies, um, and these people are not necessarily hospitalized, but you know, high care failing to function. Um, it's kind of, I think it's more of like a nursing home kind of thing. Hospitalization implies, you know, they need medical, uh, monitoring. Uh, what amnesiacs need is just a carer, pretty much someone to be like, okay, you haven't eaten yet today. You need to eat now. Or, you know, let's go for a walk or like something just to, you know, guide them, kind of make their decisions for them. Um, it doesn't have to be a nursing home, but a nursing home is that, that kind of care that you provide in a nursing home, um, where you can do your own thing, but you kind of need someone to, you know, be there and be, uh, have the training to know what's going on. Like if someone in a hospital, you have a lot of nurses who are in and out shift work, which is fine, not in no disrespect, but, um, they might not necessarily understand that you're, uh, an anterograde amnesiac or a retrograde amnesiac, whatever it is. Um, and I might reference something and just have no idea. Um, it does provide, yeah, specific care. Um, no, I think if you train nurses in hospitals for amnesiacs, you need to train nurses in hospitals for every other of a million different, uh, psychological and physical disabilities. Um, nurses are just a generalized caregivers, um, which is appropriate as far as the hospital is concerned. Um, it would be impossible to retain all that knowledge and, um, yeah, level of skill. Yeah. But these days doctors just look it all up on Google anyway. Well, not Google. They have their own specific thing. But last time I went to a GP, it was, um, he literally typed the symptoms into a machine and machine gave him an answer. Um, and yes, they're expected to know a lot about it. Um, but doctors are very, it's, it's how to fix it. Um, and there's a lot of specialized, uh, like specific diseases, which a doctor will reference you to someone else. Like a GP is going to reference you if you've got a broken bone because they can't deal with that. Or they're going to reference you to a brain surgeon or whatever. Doctors specialize in, you have general doctors and you have specialized doctors, same kind of thing. Um, having a nurse who's specific, um, is kind of like having a carer. It's the same kind of, you know, if you had a nurse who was generalized and then reference you to a specific person, that's yes. Um, well, it's by law, there's some level of care, but, um, yeah, but you can't expect one person to be able to take sort of absolutely everything generally. Yeah. Um, GP's with you for five minutes, a carer needs to be with you. Well, this type of care needs to be with you 24 seven. That's a very, um, not one specifically, but most carers, uh, depends on your situation, what level of care you need. Um, but, um, you'll have cycles. So, you know, if you're, if you're doing eight hour shifts, you'll have a carer on hand at 24 hours of the day. And it's probably, you know, multiple different carers. So three different carers, but that's, um, yeah. Division of labor. Yep. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.