 Okay. Woke up, lay in bed for an hour or two, as I normally do on Saturday mornings. Had breakfast at about, well breakfast lunch, at about 11.30, which consisted of me getting a can of what I thought was soup out of the pantry, popping it in a bowl, throwing it in the microwave, then reading the instructions on the side of the can which said that was condensed soup. So I then subsequently had to add in about a litre of water or something like that, which resulted in me having a rather large bowl of soup in front of me. It was meant for four people. So I had all that, took me a while, and then I changed into my hockey gear, so shin pads, socks, etc. Jumped in the car, drove to Olympic Park, the pitch there, Olympic pitch, and played a game of hockey with my fifth grade Bryers, Burwood Bryers team. Played centre half because, well, our normal centre half was playing full back because our full back was missing, one of our full backs was missing. So that's the first time I played there in a while and that was interesting. It's quite a warm day, so it was very intensive in terms of the sweat levels, so by the end of it it was drenched. Literally at one point I did a sprint, made a tackle, belted the ball up the other end of the field, and then had to pull myself off the field, take off my shirt and just lay down on the bench just to not die of, I guess, heat or whatever. Anyway, we won 3-0, which was nice. It's the second game, so that's the first win of the season. Our loss the other day, other week, was to the defending champions, so not a significant loss, but anyway, gets us up on the table. And then sat around with the boys after the game, had a beer, sang the team song, yada yada yada. Then I went to Dan Murphy's on the way home, bought Mum six bottles of wine for gifts and drinking. She had a particular brand that she wanted and they only had them in this particular Dan Murphy's, so that was where that started. And also got myself a case of cider, because cider is awesome. And then what, came home, came home, didn't have a shower for a while because I didn't want to stand up. Just what did I do? Oh, my brother downloaded the Diablo 3 Beta or whatever it is, which was, I used to play Diablo 2, so I jumped on that for a bit. And then had a shower, shaved, got dressed to go out to a friend's 21st. It was in Paddington on Oxford Street, place was called Paddington Arms Hotel, I think it was. So I went to that 21st, got there fashionably late, which I thought was going to be, so I knew about eight people going, and I figured that if I arrive late enough that someone will be there that I'll know, so I won't have that awkward situation. And yeah, so an hour and a half late was my plan, get there, I'd know someone, it'd be fine, whatever. I get there, call public transport, got there, walked upstairs to the venue, looked around, saw no one I knew, couldn't even see the birthday girl. And all of a sudden I'm thinking, what's going on? Am I just completely in the wrong place? Anyway, eventually I found the girl, said hi, she's like, oh yeah, there's no one here. So this is like, some of her good friends as well who were coming to this party, they just weren't there yet. Anyway, so I chatted to a very loose acquaintance of mine for about an hour before my, well, uni friends started arriving. Yeah, a few conversations, had a couple of beers, it's all very... speeches were great. Maybe I'm being prejudiced here, but traditionally female 21st speeches are more sappy than funny. God, I don't know, for some reason girls like to give speeches that are nice, and guys just love to insult each other. But anyway, this particular speech, the speeches were all, yeah, there was a bit of the sappy, but there was a lot of funny anecdotes in there, and it was a good set of speeches. Anyway, yeah, so bummed around for a while, had a few chats with people I knew, and then got a lift home with a friend who was there, and yeah, got home, and then watched the replay of the rugby that was on, Waratahs vs Rebels. Fell asleep during that, sitting on the couch. Dad woke me up and said go to bed, and I did, and that was my Saturday. Is that a monologue? Yeah, yeah, oh, played it to death. It was, yeah, it's about 15 years old now, Diablo 2? So it was one of those games, it was a good game to play with mates, because you sat around, you could just like, you could jump, join a game anytime, blah blah blah, and Blizzard, who's the publishing company, traditionally does very polished games, so it was fun gameplay, it was, yeah, it was a good game, but yeah, no, so 15 years on, you're not gonna play, be playing the same game, hopefully. I mean, granted, I don't actually play much, many games at all these days, this is the first one I think I picked up this year, it's just a beta as well, so. Yeah, no, it was good, it was what you'd expect from Blizzard, they changed a few things, it was very polished, even though it was a beta and it's not the finished product, it was very smooth, it looked good, it played out well, it was intuitive. Yeah, no, positive, I mean, there was a lot of bugs, but you expect that, so, from a beta, yeah. I did not, so the hockey structure uses a slightly different to the traditional soccer structure, you have three forwards, two, they're called inners, they're like semi-forwards, three halves and two backs, so as a center half, you're effectively playing a defensive position. I have scored goals in the past from this position, but it's not a frequent occurrence, it's, no. Very positive, we were always gonna have a good team this year, we've been playing the same guys for quite a few years now, we gel well together, everyone likes each other, which was a big reason that I'm actually playing this team, because the other team that I used to play for, I'm not a fan of. But, you know, we communicated well, the passing was accurate, the trapping was a bit to the side, and some of the decision making in the shot circle were lacking, but overall we were positioned well, we played intelligently, we didn't, we played to the weather, because it was a scorching day, we said before the game that we were gonna try not to run around too much, more passing, more positional gameplay, as opposed to running ourselves ragged, and we marked up incredibly well. When we got into their quarter of the field, all they could do was just, they couldn't pass, we marked every map. Yeah, so it was good, lots of positives came away from it, yeah, okay. No comment