 I worked from 6 till 10. I left work at just after 10 and I had to go to the shops and get a birthday card for my little sister because it was her birthday on Sunday and then I went home and then mum and dad got home from church and then decided they want to go out for breakfast. So I rang my little sister who was staying at a friend's place and we went out for breakfast and then we did some shopping because Louise had gotten some about like a book voucher so we did some shopping. And then I went home and then my parents gave Louise her birthday present which was another voucher. So then we went back out to the shops to buy more stuff and we came home and I had a nap. Yeah I had a nap and then my sister and her husband came over and then I had a shower and then we had dinner. Yeah we always have shifts because we don't have night fill we do it in the morning so there's always people in at 6. Sometimes, depends on who does the rosters. I haven't in a while because there was whoever does the rosters was changed but now it's gone back to the usual person so I got the morning shift. I like that shift it gets the work out of the way gives me the rest of the day off. Yep because sometimes I'll just go home and go to bed. I woke up about 5.30 wash out snooze for another 10 minutes and then I got up chucked on my uniform grab some up and go and then drove to work. Up and go? Nope. I had a second up and go later. Yep. Yep. No. The second voucher was a bras and things voucher because she was at a friend's place so we were hungry so she came home we left straight for breakfast. It would have been smarter if I'd known that's what they were giving her. And yep I would have talked her into doing it before breakfast because it was the same shopping center where we had breakfast about 10 10 to 15 minutes away. Nah driving I'm way too lazy to walk. I'd say nearly an hour. I used to ride my bike I used to work not far from there I used to ride my bike and it used to take me 25 minutes to ride my bike. That was when I was younger and then I broke my collarbone I can't ride a bike anymore. My third breakfast I had I had the Lucy's value breakfast so it comes with bacon and eggs and toast and hash brown and sausage and a fried tomato. Yep I ate all of it except one sausage. I had a pineapple juice and a tea. I don't drink coffee I don't like the aftertaste. Yep how long was it? Um I actually only tried coffee I had a cup of coffee only like a couple months ago we got a new coffee machine at home my sister talked me into trying it. It was okay but I prefer tea. No I've tried mochas and lattes I haven't tried normal coffee. It was okay. We went the first time I went to the bookshop. My sister's got heaps of books it's a real cheap bookshop. And then here we go my mom needed a cardigan so we went to find a cardigan and she couldn't be bothered so we went and got a phone case for Louise she needed a new phone case and then we had to go went to Kmart she had another voucher. She got a lot of vouchers. Went to Kmart and she bought a jacket and a shirt yeah we didn't get that well she did and then we went out again. We got I think it was just bras and then she got her eyebrows waxed. We got three bras if I get what I went out to go get. Well she went to get bras because you go to bras and things. Voucher. So that was successful because she got three bras for like 20 baht. My aim was to make sure Louise had a good shopping trip because it was her birthday. That one was successful. That one was too because we could have gotten it all in the first trip if we'd thought about that other voucher. If we'd managed to get everything in the first one it would be more successful. About 45 minutes? Yeah if I've worked, not every day, if I've worked the early shift if I can fit it in then I'll usually have a nap. If I have time? Yep. No because you either do a morning or an afternoon. No because if you do the afternoon shift you usually finish like 7 30 or 8 30. Okay. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No committed. No coming. No coming. No coming. No coming. No coming. No coming. No commitment. No comment. No coming. No comment. No comment. No coming. No coming. No coming. No coming. No coming. No comment, no comment.