 Saturday. I woke up and I had to move my car because I was parked behind my sister and then I went back to bed and then I eventually woke up again at about 11, had a quick shower, had a piece of toast and went to work. I started at 12 and I worked right up until 7.30. 7.30? And then I came home, pretty much went straight to bed. Mum brought me in some dinner, I ate it and then went to sleep. It's a boring day for you. What time did you wake up to move the car? Must have been about 9. And then you began work? Yep. No. Nope. And how long did it usually take you to go to work? How long does it take me to go to work? Eight minutes. No I drove. Why did you? Because I have a car. What was your work like for the day? It was busy and I was sick so that sucked. I was on registers for a bit but then my boss came and checked with me and I said I'd rather not be on registers so she tried to keep me off as much as I could. There were times when people were on breaks I had to go on registers but otherwise I was on the floor. I was just generally cleaning up, carding as they say where you go and get all the cardboard boxes, helping customers on the floor, re-running the milk and the bread because they're the things that sell out the quickest. I had one, it was only about 15 minutes. I ate cheese and cracker. I had juice. No I didn't. I was on cold and flu tablets. Not that day. I was just too busy. I had juice, that was me drinking something that was getting my vitamin C. I didn't have time. I don't have to have such a short break but I get bored in the lunchroom and I'd rather just get my work done so we can get out earlier. That day there was four of us on. We only take a break each at a time. We can't afford to have too many people off the floor at work. Usually four for a Saturday, the break. It really depends on the day. It depends on who's on. Some people prefer registers so they'll sit on the registers most of the day. Some people prefer the floor. We have six registers but usually when we're really busy we'll only open four at the most. If we're really busy we open four registers but it doesn't last long. We usually smash through the customers. On a normal day, on a Saturday, usually there's only two registers open. Yeah it did. It got right up to four at one point but only a couple of times. Only five minutes. Not usually. Not on Saturday. Not this Saturday, no. Yeah it has. We were really busy and we didn't get a chance to run the mill and customers were asking for mills. In that case the manager just closes off and we have to just work faster and then go run the mill. No, it's a pretty normal day. I had a lot of customers telling me how sick I looked. One customer offered me medication thinking it was I had hay fever and a lot of my regulars just asked how I was. I'm not keen on people knowing how sick I am so I made a point to get off the registers so I didn't have to deal with as many customers because I'd checked the roster and there was no one to cover and it sucks on a Saturday if you're one person short. I was but I'd already had the weekend off before because I was sick. He was surprised that I came in because I did look really sick. My eyes were really swollen. He wanted to send me home but there was no one to... he couldn't get anyone in. There isn't but if I'd asked my manager would have sent me home. It went quite fast considering how sick I was. No, there was still plenty to do. I was bored during lunch. Not really. There's nowhere to nap. Table, chairs, lockers, bench, a fridge. No, if I'd gone to sleep I wouldn't have woken back up. I got home and my brother was home and so I went in my room and I got changed and went to bed and then my parents, they'd been in Newcastle so they called through and got Red Rister for dinner. Nah, nah. My mum brought me night time cold and flu. They do. That's why I don't usually take them. I had a ripper roll, Red Rister, between Red Rister and KFC. Red Rister do like full chickens and they don't have like the zingers. I don't know. Tastes better. Less oily. I don't know, haven't done tests but it feels less oily. It feels healthier when I eat it. Just more juice. I'd bought a really big juice at work. Nah, nah. Just the... oh, I had to take the immune booster because I hadn't taken it early in the day. It's got zinc in it and the doctor told me I needed zinc and echinacea. Mmhmm. Ah, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.