 Um, do you want a whole rundown of the day? Like, I woke up, had breakfast, um, made some, made a sandwich for the girl who was picking me up and taking me to uni, because she never has breakfast. Um, because I had rehearsal starting at 10 o'clock, so she would pick me up every day, every Saturday and drive me. Um, drove to uni, got there by 10, and I was pretty much at uni the entire day until, um, what time did we finish? Oh, we had tech viewing that day. So, I was there until 11.30. Is it working? Yeah? Okay. Um, yeah. Okay, um, Um, okay, so, 10 to 12 I had rehearsal for the special girls' dance that we were doing, and then we had a lunch break from 12 to 12.30, and then I had ticketing training with Brenda for people who are going to be on the ticket desks for the next two weeks, to, um, learn how to use the system, because it's a new system that we're using this year. So, while I was doing that, the rest of cast went off to do promos, training, and round work. And after they got back, we had another dance block for another two hours, and then we did general dance run-throughs of everything, and then we started the tech viewing at 6.30 with all of tech, and that went for quite a long time, and I ended up getting home around, no, we left at 11.30, and then I ended up getting home around 1 o'clock, because we had to drop off four other people on the way in different places, and then I went to sleep. I had an egg sandwich, an egg and cheese sandwich, and I also made the same one for the girl who was picking me up. A fried egg, normal sliced cheese, melted. Do you have anything to drink? Ah, yes, I had a cup of tea, always do. Do you have tea every day? Yes, I usually have tea every single day, at least once. And how do you get your tea? Um, it depends on what kind of tea I'm having. Most days I'll just have normal, black, English breakfast tea with milk and sugar, but sometimes I'll also have Earl Grey or a green tea, depending on what I feel like. Do you drink normal full cream milk? Do you have boys' milk? Um, it depends on what milk's in the house. Like, if my milk's finished, then I'll take my sister's milk, which is the less fat, 2% something fat milk. And, uh, so what time did you wake up? I woke up at around 8.15 and left the house at, by 9. And you got picked up? Yes. Do you usually get picked up? For rehearsals, usually she picks me up every day, yes, because she lives one suburb away and she usually, and she has a car of her own, whereas I only have one car for the family, so I don't normally get it on weekends. And has there ever been one Saturday? Um, yes, there have, there has been one Saturday where she had to give the car to her brother, so both of us took the same train to the city together. And if... Uh, we take the Northern Line train, so I get, she gets on at Medibank, I get on at Rhodes, and we go to Central, and then we take a bus from Eddy Avenue to Uni. Where does it... Uh, usually we take any of the buses going to Randwick, so 372, 376, and then we walk from Randwick to Upper Campus to the Matthews Scenario Rooms, because it's easier to walk downhill from Randwick rather than uphill from the Anzac Parade bus stop. And it's also a shorter distance. Uh, rehearsal on Saturday, I was there for... Let's see, around 13, 13 and a half hours. Long day. Yes. Um, hmm. Performing in front of tech and the critiquers at Tech Viewing, getting to show off everything we've worked on for the past week. Uh, I definitely like the Girls Only dance, though, I really like that one. Um, because it's more challenging than the other all-caste dances that we have to do, and it's also got a really cool music track to it, and yeah. I like the challenge. Um, so did you end up going to... Uh, no, I didn't, because ticketing training took around an hour, over an hour, and promos training was from the same time, but for an hour and a half, so by the time we finished, there was no point walking all the way up to Randwick. Uh, had lunch. I had, uh, rice and lamb from the Indian stall, because it's one of the only stalls open on Saturday at Matthews. No, there were other, uh, society members there, like choreographers, and also the ticketing head and producer. Um, no, they didn't have to do promotion trainings. Uh, well, the choreographers don't do any promotions, and the ticketing head was obviously teaching us the ticketing training, and there was also one producer there, just to look after the rooms and the bags and things. About 20 minutes. I stayed in the same place because we had a dance block straight after. Yes, they did. Yes. Uh, yes, everyone's, uh, the whole cast is required to stay for tech viewing. What about the... It's optional for them to stay if they want to, but they all stayed as well. Had their dances when... Uh, yes, like, if they're busy or they have other things planned, but usually you'd find the choreographers stay back to watch their dances just to see how we perform it at tech viewing. Uh, there have been very rare occasions in the past when a cast member has had to miss part of tech viewing, but usually because it's compulsory for all of cast members to be at all the tech viewings, it hasn't been, uh, um, well, it hasn't occurred very much. Um, series of panel, I want to leave... Okay. You only want me to answer no comment. No comment. Um, did you wait for 8.50? No comment. What did you have for... No comment....the very beginning? No comment. How often do you eat during the day? No comment. No comment. Where did you go during the day? No comment. No comment. What was rehearsed... No comment....for how many people? No comment. What are you doing? No comment. How long did you be... No comment....perform before? No comment. Is it... No comment. How did... No comment....your... No comment....use of you... No comment. Are you usually going home? I usually come home. No comment. Do you perform? No comment. No comment. How long did... No comment. No comment. How often do you... No comment. Did you have... No comment. Do you have... No comment. No comment. Do you like... No comment. No comment. Was your meal... No comment. No comment. Do you end up sleeping... No comment....for dinner? No coment. No comment. No comment, no comment.