 Um, when I woke up, I, um, oh, I was actually staying over at a friend's house at Eunice W. Village on Saturday. So, um, but she had actually gone to stay somewhere else that night. So I was pretty much just staying in her apartment, um, without her for that night. So, um, I woke up, made myself a cup of tea and made a peanut butter sandwich for breakfast and then had a shower, packed my bags and left eating my peanut butter sandwich on the way up to rehearsal at 10am. Um, so I went up to Matthew's, um, the Matthew Scenario rooms and then I had a dance rehearsal from 10 till 12 and then we had a half an hour lunch break, um, where I had lunch and then, um, we had sketch blocks till 2.30. Yes. And then from 2.30 till 4.30, we had an all cast dance block. And then for the next half hour, we had vocal run throughs. So we ran through the acapella and the choral piece. And for the next half, for the half hour after that, we had dance run throughs. So we ran through all the dances and then at, um, six o'clock, I think we, oh, and then we had a break for another half an hour and yeah. And then at six o'clock we started the third tech viewing and that went on, that finished quite early. That finished at 9.30, which is extremely early for tech viewing. And then we all sort of hung around for about an hour after that. And, um, then I went back to the apartment with, uh, my friend and also a few other people who were staying at her place. Um, and we chilled there for a bit, painted our nails and then decided to join up with a few other casties and go to Passionflower for dessert and came back at around 1am and went to sleep. Uh, the tech viewing finished early compared to most other tech viewings, I think. It's a good thing because it probably meant that we were really efficient in running everything. Uh, tech viewings, if they start at around 6 to 6.30, they usually go till at least 10.30 or 11. Uh, we had sketches running from 12.30 to 2.30 and there were three directors. Each director takes a vocal block. So that's a total of 12 sketches, each running for half an hour. Uh, no, not in sketches. I woke up at 9.15. Yes, I was staying at UNSW Village. No, I walked up because, uh, it's not really worth it because it was just from the middle of campus to upper campus. So there wasn't any point taking a bus up. Uh, it was fine. I took it slow so I didn't get too tired. I went up through the village to the quad and then took the Bassa steps and passed the library to Matthews. Uh, no, the rehearsals are held in the Matthews Scenario Rooms, which are in the middle of the Matthews lounges. That's on the lower ground floor of the Matthews building. Um, I didn't have the chance to get much studying done except during sketch blocks. I did some, I read some papers for about an hour or so during sketch blocks. Yes, about an hour. During rehearsals usually because you always have something to do. Even during sketch blocks, if you're not in sketches, you could practice dances or things like that. Uh, yes, for the rest of sketch blocks. Uh, no, for one hour of the sketch blocks I was, um, reading papers and for the other hours I was practicing dances. Yes, I did. That was for half an hour. It's just, um, one acapella and there's also the choral piece which is done by the whole cast. I'm a part of dance cast but not full cast. Full cast takes part in, basically the only difference between the two is that dance cast isn't in sketches. I had ice cream for dessert. Uh, we had dinner during tech viewing. They give us half an hour break in between tech viewing for dinner and it's provided by the well-being team. I wasn't sure of the time that we started dinner. Yes. Um, it's in the lower half of UNSW Village. So in this, uh, since Friday night. No, I don't. I'm staying with a friend who lives there for the next two weeks until show finishes. No, I didn't. We were just, um, I think we went to Passion Flower around 11 30. Um, and the close at 1am so we got back home around 1am. Yes. Oh, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.