 Okay, um, it's all a bit of a blur. I woke up at, oh I actually woke up quite late. I woke up at around 10 30 and I'm actually staying over at a friend's place at Uniswably Village. I woke up at 10 30, had a cup of tea and also had some miso soup for breakfast because I was still feeling a little bit sick. And then I had promotions to go to. So I had a shower, got ready for promotions and went up to the... oh wait no that's not right, I didn't have any promotions on Friday. Okay, sorry, getting confused. Yeah, we didn't have any promotions on Friday because it was already sold out so we didn't need to promote. Yeah, but I did wake up at 10 30, got ready and then I... what did I do? Oh I went shopping, sorry. I went, oh I went shopping, yes. I can't remember anything. Okay, so I can't remember where I had lunch but I met up with Arthur and we went, we walked down to Kensington, to Kingsford, to the Asian shopping, Asian grocery store there and because I had to get some presents for my KK and my review. So we went to the grocery store and I bought some jellies and sweets and things for my KK and then we walked back to my friend's apartment and I was in the apartment, in the apartment for the rest of the day till around 5 30, working on my final KK's gift. So I was actually making him a little plushie key tag. I was making him a little Voltorb Pokemon plushie because his character, one of his characters was Voltorb in the play. So I pretty much spent the rest of the day making that for him and finishing that up and then left the apartment at 5 30 and went to the science theater to start getting ready for the show and pretty much was getting ready till around 7 30. Show started at around 8 o'clock and the show finished at around 10 30, 11 and then we were all sent to pack up our stuff from the dressing rooms and clear out the dressing rooms and then we all went back to our respective places that we were staying and gathered our stuff and we all met back at the science theater to give our final KK's, to give the to give our KK's their final present and once that was done we all started heading off to the final party. The final party location for Revu this year was actually in a car steers house in Killara. So the producers had organized for various people in society to bring their cars and we all got driven up there to Killara and that's pretty much where I was up until around 8 am the next morning. Yes. I meant to but I didn't end up having time because I was busy shopping and making the plushie took a lot longer than I expected. I had miso soup, that counts as eating, and a cup of tea. No I didn't actually have any solid food for breakfast because I was still feeling a little sick and I felt like having miso soup. Yes, but I did have a proper lunch after that I just can't remember what I had. I bought some, I bought taro buns and I bought flighty jelly cups. They're little buns filled with the taro filling. Yes I like taro but my, they were actually a gift for my friend at the apartment that I'm staying at just as a gift to her because she really likes taro. No. I saw a big tub of green tea ice cream which I knew I couldn't have because I was sick. No because cold things are usually not good for your throat because I was, because I had to sing later on. About 15 minutes. Not really. Yes. I knew I wanted something to do with taro for my friend but I wasn't sure what I was going to get my KK. No I pretty much decided on the jelly cups as soon as I saw them. Looking around for the perfect taro flavoured gift. Not really. Well there were a few taro flavoured biscuits but I was trying to look for something that looked like the best quality which she would like. No I pretty much headed straight there because I knew that was the biggest Asian grocery store in lower campus. No apart from going back to the apartment and working on the plushie and just resting. I had lunch at some point after shopping and before going back to the apartment and then I had another cup of tea before heading to the theatre. No. Yes during, just before I go on stage or while putting my makeup on I usually have a cup of the hot, a cup of Asian cough medicine mixed with hot water which helps soothe my throat and clear it up just before I have to sing. It's a herbal cough syrup and it's been used for the past few years in review because it really helps clear up the throat so it's kind of tried and tested. Not regularly, usually only when I have a cough or usually mostly only during review when I have to sing. Yes sometimes because it helps soothe my throat. Relatively it's available in most big Asian grocery stores but you have to ask them for it because it's behind the counter. It's a herbal cough syrup. I've only had a quick scan of the ingredients so I can't really tell you but it's a mixture of like 10 plus herbs. Yeah. As soon as you get out of one item you immediately change into the costume for your next item and then if you have nothing else to do pretty much just rest, rehydrate and we were also going around taking pictures and writing in people's, well everyone had a little book for messages so we were going around writing in other castees books. Yes. No. No. You're not allowed to go outside into the foyer area during the show while you've got makeup on. It's to preserve the whole magic of theater aspect of the show and to keep it professional. Well it's usually just frown upon it then the executive will give them a talking to. yes yes no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no No comment.