 Yesterday, um, yesterday I came into university at 9am. I, oh do you mean breakfast as well or just everything? Okay, so I woke up, um, ate a banana for breakfast, had an up and go for breakfast, uh, brushed my teeth, put on some clothes, I was wearing clothes before, changed clothes, um, took a, drove to a station, parked the car, walked to the station, um, took a train, came to uni, first class of the day was LLS, the law subject, um, had to do a presentation for that subject, uh, we gave it in the form of a game show and I was in charge of throwing out the lollies, as for the actual presentation I didn't say anything, um, and after that I had lunch at Ivan's, for about half an hour, got a roast chicken with rice for lunch, um, I think by about 12 I went to work, um, so I took a bus from the other side of Anzac Parade back to the city, I didn't want to go straight to work so I bludged for a while, um, I went to JB underneath World Square, looked at Macbook Airs and asked a lot about Macbook Airs, um, so that went on for another half an hour, then I walked slowly to work on Oxford Street, um, I work at the, yeah, let me just say where I work, okay, so the place where I work was on Oxford Street, so I went there, um, just continuing on my work from the previous week, um, yeah, and then I, oh, I did do something yesterday night, after work I went and went to the Ritz in Rannwick and watched the Avengers, um, but before that I had dinner with a friend, and then me and a friend and another bunch of friends met at the Ritz and we just watched the Avengers, then came home and slept, today or yesterday? It would have been about 7, yeah, 7 in the morning, it usually takes about 10 minutes, just a banana and up and go, doesn't take too long to prepare, 7.30? No, I drove to my local station and just parked there and took a train in, yeah, no, I took a train to Central and then from Central I took a bus to uni, oh, it was 891, 891s? Yeah, 891, so that just goes through Eddy Avenue, then up Carmel River Street, Albion Street and then turns onto Anzac Parade, follows that road all the way to uni. No, it cuts straight through Surrey, Surrey Hills? I think, yeah, it cuts straight through Surrey Hills, um, past that church and then just turns right onto Anzac Parade, yeah. Ah, just the one, yeah, law subject, two hours, yes, 9am to 11am, yes, yeah, I was trying to bludge for time so I didn't have to go to work. Um, at 11.30 I just walked slowly towards Anzac Parade, waited for a bus, um, 39 something, I think I actually, yeah, 39 something that goes via Elizabeth Street and got off there and just walked towards Ward Square, bludged around for a while. Um, just wanted to bludge and JB Hi-5 was there so just walked around, asked a couple questions about MacBooks. Yeah, it's about a 200m walk, yeah, if you just go down Oxford Street you walk onto, which street is it, it becomes, I think Liverpool Street? Yeah, Liverpool Street, and Ward Square's just on Liverpool Street. Okay, I made it 200, 300, it took me about 5 minutes, it doesn't, okay, maybe it's a bit longer, 400m? Yep, nah, I was looking at Apple, Apple products, Macbook Airs, um, I already have a Windows laptop and I'm just kind of bored of it so I was thinking of buying a Macbook. Um, I finished work at 5, 5pm, yep, and went straight to Randwick from there. Um, about, probably about 4, 4 hours? Yeah. Yes. I took a bus from Eddy Avenue again, um, I think it was 376 actually, takes you to the corner of Belmore and Avoco Street or something and then you can just walk from there. Um, no, it doesn't go via Bondi, yeah, it doesn't go via Bondi. What route does it take, um, it goes, oh okay, it goes through, it goes onto Anzac Parade, um, and then from there it turns off into Randwick Junction and from that part I'm not really sure of the route because I'm not familiar with that area but yeah, it goes off Randwick Junction. Uh, probably started about 7, ended about 9, 15. The Avengers? Yeah, it's a superhero movie, um, I guess the concept of it is just all the people from the Marvel universe are together to fight one bad guy. Yeah, it was okay, it was a lot more funnier than I thought it would have been. So yeah, it was quite a good movie. Two hours, 15 minutes, two hours? Yeah, around that, yeah, two hours and 15 minutes. Um, we took a bus from Belmore Street to Railway Square, um, it came about 9.30, yeah, and we got to Railway Square about 9.45 and the reason I remember that is because my train came at 9.48. From the bus to go to the train from Randwick? Oh, um, like a minute? Oh, I saw there was only like two minutes left so I sort of half ran. Yes, then I caught the train. Um, it goes to Epping via Stratfield, just say no comment for everything, okay, yes? No comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment.