 Yesterday, oh this is a little more difficult to remember. Um, ah okay, yesterday it was actually a long day because my relatives were catching a flight back to Beijing, uh so I had to drop them off at the airport. Woke up at 5am, um got dressed in a real hurry because we had to leave the house by 5. Um yep, got out the door, it was still pitch black outside. Uh packed my car with the luggage and then we drove towards the airport. Wasn't too much traffic. Got to the, got to the airport and um there's a new system where you, well I don't know, I haven't been to the airport for a while, but there's a new system where uh you can stay for 15 minutes for free. Um but we were just going to stay anyway. I was meant to turn into the, into the car park after dropping them off at the, at the departures uh area, but I missed the car park and ended up having to drive in a big circle to come back around to get to the car park, um which meant I was a bit delayed. But when I finally got into the car park it was all good because they were still in the line for checking in. Uh we just took all these photos. Um they had been in Sydney for about two weeks and uh yeah said our goodbyes. They went through that, that terminal gate um where we couldn't pass and that was that and uh we left. I had to, what did I do? Oh yeah I just drove home. My dad also drove that morning so he took my mum and brother to school and to work. I went home and slept for a little bit more before going to university. Uh drove to uni, had a quiz in mechanics of the human body which went pretty well and had to stay at uni because it's a long day. Um I had an OT meeting uh last night so that was meant to start seven o'clock which means I was out all day. Uh that finished at around 9 30. Before the OT meeting we had dinner at Pinocchio's, four of us. That was Rob, Sandy, Swan and I. Um yeah pretty much after the OT meeting drove home and went to sleep. I didn't eat until um just before leaving for uni and that was at about 12 30 so that was after I took a nap after coming back from the airport. We stayed for longer than 15 minutes. No, no because we ended up staying for an hour and a half so up it was well my dad paid for it so it was fine but um it's I think we got to one in a one hour and 20 minutes or one hour close to one hour and a half but we had to pay for two hours so it's it's not cheap I'll just say that. Their flight was at 7 30 about 5 40 approximately two hours. We thought well we wanted to leave the house by five o'clock which was pretty safe I would say. Um we left at about 5 10 which is still okay. The check-in line was long but that's how long I would expect the line to be. Last time I was at the airport was maybe two years ago um and I think I was going to New Zealand myself so it wasn't that early in the morning though. Yes I've had to pick up flights that arrived at 7 30 so I think this time was the earliest that I've driven to the airport. I was it wasn't too bad no I wasn't too sure. I there are so many check-in points we were just in check-in point A out of maybe A to uh J so I wasn't able to observe in leaving the house. Just a bunch of things um people were still packing bags into the car at 5 a.m. Um I woke up probably at about 4 50 um so I had I had put on my clothes in time for five o'clock but um people mum was still going oh do we need this we need that so yeah just a bunch of things. They some of them had not slept I think uh in that in that night before uh just trying to pack things into the bag trying to minimize the weight in some of the packs um you know throwing away unneeded uh packaging that sort of thing so it took a while. Oh yeah they they always seem to buy the um the sheep products the the sheep skins and the the uh linoleum creams and um yeah all all of the uh the the Chinese-based souvenir shops they all sell this linoleum cream which they seem to go crazy about. It's a product of of sheep I'm guessing that um that is it's a hand cream it's a moisturizing cream um though for those relatives it was their first time every single one of them uh one two three four five six seven of them it was it was their first time all of them. They booked out a place of their own uh some nights they stayed at a place for convenience. I think it's just a tradition thing that people talk about when they're in when they're in China just the relatives say oh you've got to get the linoleum cream. No I haven't personally. No no. I'm not a tourist and I don't think anyone here knows about this stuff so I wouldn't say it's it's a great product. No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment.