 Alright, let's see. Woke up out of bed. I had my iPhone, the new app that I was describing earlier, was laying face down on my bed and I woke up and had a look at my sleeping patterns over the last night. It detects movement on your bed and it determines whether you slept well or not. So I had a look at that app. Then I got up, went to the bathroom, had a shower, brushed my teeth, got out, got changed, had a look at the lab that needed to be done today on my own computer, and then went downstairs, had breakfast, grabbed my lunch, put it in my bag, and then locked the doors and drove out to uni. I arrived at uni, parked while I was looking for parking for a little while. I found parking on Barker Street in a 2p zone. I walked over to uni, went into my lab, and started looking at the lab for COMP3331, which is Computing Networks and Applications. I started on that lab. It's an unmarked lab, but I wanted to work on it because it needs you to know Java programming language. I'm not too familiar with it, so I had to learn from scratch and I'll probably have to do more of that when I get home. That lab ended and I walked out of my lab and finally enough, a friend of ours, Suchu, was there and we went downstairs to meet a friend. The app is called Sleep Cycle Alarm Clock. Basically, when you go to sleep, you put it in the charger, you put it face down on your bed, and you set the alarm for the next day at a certain time, say 10 o'clock. The alarm will not go off at 10 o'clock. It will judge how awake you are in the half hour before that alarm is supposed to go off and will judge the best time to wake you up based on how awake you are at that point in time. So say at 9 30 you are at the peak of a waking phase in your sleep, the app will be able to judge that and will sound the alarm at 9 30 instead of 10 when you have fallen back into a deeper state of sleep. Simply accelerometry and movement of the bed. It cannot differentiate whether it's external movement or your own, so essentially it gets you to test in ideal conditions where you're the only person on that bed and there are no animals or anything else that'll move the bed. Yes, yeah it was great. I've used it for a couple of weeks now but now I'm actually getting used to it and it works. When I wake up it just gives me sort of an idea of how I slept the last night. So it gives you a filtered graph of your sleep over the last however many hours and you'll see deep sleep and sort of waking phases of your sleep based on how much you're moving because in deep sleep you should not be moving. Yes, yes the app was $1.99 on the app store. I think I was looking for alarm apps because a little while ago I was looking for something that sort of a more advanced alarm clock. I was just looking for a free app but then I came across this one which was this sleep alarm clock and it sounded pretty cool. It had good reviews, it was pretty popular so downloaded it and yeah I think I will. So long as I want to keep an eye on you know how well I slept I will. I won't have time or I won't have remembered to use it every night but whenever I feel like using it I will. The protocol is if you set the alarm clock for 10 o'clock the alarm will continuously ring from 10 o'clock regardless of whether you're in a sleeping phase or a waking phase. So the only difference is that it will determine whether in the last half hour before that alarm time is a better time to wake you up or not. If you're in a very deep part of your sleep cycle at 9 30 then the alarm will not go off. It'll judge that and it'll hope that because in the later hours of your sleep the cycle should be rather fast. They should be going through phases at about half an hour's cycle each and judging by that if you're in a very deep state at 9 30 then hopefully by 10 o'clock you'll be in a more awake state. But regardless it will go off at the time that you set. Just sissy so far my girlfriend. Yeah there were some reviews on the app store itself on the apple app store. Most of the reviews were just that it was extremely useful it was eye-opening to what different factors affected people's sleep and yeah. I have to learn java because the programming that is done in comp 3331 is all the example code is provided in java and today's lab was to create a simple ping program that works with a program that was given to us. So the program that was given to us was written in java and their recommendation was to take that server program and modify it in java to be a client program and I will need to understand java to be able to modify it. I did, I've done two comp courses in my mechatronics degree and in both of them we were using C or C++. I did another mechatronics computing course where we used C++ as well. Within mechatronics we've only used on top of that MATLAB programming but I've never actually learned java myself in comp 3331. Well because MATLAB is more specific to certain applications and java is more broad, I guess that's why. And java has a lot of socket-based programming applications so that's why they're using it. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment No comment. No comment.