 Yes sir, that's how long ago now. Okay, yesterday, Wednesday, needed to, hold things, yes, I had uni yesterday. Okay, I needed, I woke up at nine o'clock and I had to get to uni by 10 o'clock, drove over, and at 10 o'clock I went to Biomed and we were doing, as a group, for our group project, a presentation for mechanics of the human body. We had put together all our slides by email, but we were doing some final editing and just going over our presentation one time, a couple of times. That went pretty well, and at 12 o'clock I had to go down to the blockhouse to do some video filming for something called Theme Reveal. That took about 45 minutes, and we weren't completely done, but I had to get back to Biomed, to Samuel's, to do our presentation at one o'clock. Our group elected to go first, so we got that out of the way. In 25 minutes we were done, and we had to sit around until four o'clock listening to all of the other presentations. So all the presentations finished at four o'clock, and then I went back down to the blockhouse to do some more filming, where we had to learn a dance, and it took us quite a while to learn the dance, but we got it down, and we finished at 7.30 when I drove home. It's a pretty well-known one called Oppan Gangnam Style. Yes, pretty sure. We were waiting for people first, and then there were some more capable members of the team, and some less. It's actually pretty difficult. I'm not a dancer myself. I found it hard to keep up with the beat, because it's very fast. You've probably seen it a couple of times yourself. It looks rather simple and wacky, but it does actually have some difficult parts. Well, I learned it yesterday, quite a while ago now. I couldn't even remember what I did yesterday morning. Don't know, I'd have to go over it again. Probably, I'll see what I can remember. Yeah, about one hour before. Yes. Got out of bed, brushed my teeth, grabbed a bite to eat. Got dressed, grabbed a bite to eat, head out the door, into the car. Takes 20 minutes to drive over. Yeah, I just grabbed a little bit to eat. Had a bit of cereal. No, no, no. Had some water. No, sometimes. Hot chocolate. I generally don't drink coffee. Tea occasionally, yum cha, or family sort of dinners. Jasmine tea. Sometimes chamomile. Sometimes another blend of some Chinese herb, but I'm not sure what it is. Yes. When I think of black tea, I think of black tea in a bag. Very occasionally. I prefer Chinese teas. I don't drink it very often, so it's what I'm used to, really. Ill? Yeah, slightly. I haven't been taking medication. I've had some antichol, some strepsils. No. Yes, I have. Hot water with honey and lemon. Two nights ago. No. Didn't get around to doing it. It didn't. No. I didn't get around to it. No. Not particularly. It normally doesn't help what I have right now. Sleep. Yes. Funnily enough, the sore throat creeps up around sleep time, and it goes away after waking up and clearing the sinuses and so on. Now it feels fine, just a little bit of a rough throat. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.