 Alright, I woke up at 10, which was quite late. Um, I... Dad came into my room and, uh, he asked me if I was coming home for dinner. And I said yes, but I finish at 6pm tonight. And he said that's fine and he told me to buy some rice. Now, that's because our family didn't have any rice left and we need rice for dinner. So, then woke up, uh, actually no, I fell back asleep for another half hour. Um, and then I woke up, brushed my teeth, had a shower, went down to see if there was anything to eat. Uh, Dad had already prepared dinner so I ate some of that, um, as my breakfast slash lunch. And I hopped on the computer, checked my emails, things like that, before, uh, messaging the people I was going to meet today. And then I headed out and by the time I left, I figured maybe I wouldn't have enough time to, uh, buy the rice and get back home. So, I just drove to university, um, found parking on Barker Street, which is really good. Uh, met up with Sissy and then I gave her my jacket and, uh, we walked up to Electrical Engineering. And then we came into a room where I started doing some testing. I always take the same route to get to university. I go from my house, I turn left onto High Street and then from High Street I turn onto Mowbray Road. Then from Mowbray Road I turn onto, I think it's Alpha, Alpha Road. And then off Alpha Road I just go onto the freeway, go through the tunnel, um, take the, uh, Randwick exit, um, and drive along Anzac Parade. And I look for parking generally on Barker Street and circle the university until I find something. Yes, um, there's a street called High Street outside my home as well, which is the funny part. Yeah, yes, I always figured that was the same thing. But okay, Harbour Tunnel then Eastern Distributor Tunnel. Yes, I guess so. Yeah. No. Uh, yeah, sometimes when the Eastern Distributor or Harbour Tunnel's very blocked up, um, I take the Eastern Suburbs, uh, lane on the bridge and then head into Eastern Distributor Tunnel from there. I wouldn't take the Harbour Bridge Tunnel. I would take the Eastern Suburbs lane, which is on the left of the bridge. Yes. The tunnel would normally be faster and there's normally less traffic there. Sometimes, actually it happens maybe once a fortnight, um, a truck will be stuck in there or there'll be some sort of traffic accident in there, which will just cause the traffic to be more, to be heavier in the, uh, in the tunnel, in the Harbour Tunnel than the bridge. Because it is faster most of the time and it gets me to university faster. I would normally take the tunnel unless there is a truck impeding traffic. I consider my breakfast to be normal. Um, my dad prepares dinner and Chinese culture sort of ties all meals sort of together. So, whatever my dad cooked for dinner would be appropriate for my breakfast lunch. Um, normally my dad makes something based around eggs, you know, fried eggs or scrambled eggs, um, and it could encompass something for, for dinner that night or something from dinner the night before. Today I had, uh, there was a steamed chicken, uh, and Chinese sausage dish, which I had some of, and there was some soya sauce chicken wings. So, it was all chicken this morning. Uh, Chinese sausages I think made out of pork, no. Um, this morning it took me approximately 20 minutes. I think I left when the clock said 22 past, 22 past, uh, 12 and I arrived perhaps 40, 42 past 12 when I arrived at uni. Uh, today was smooth. There were no trucks in the, in the tunnel. Um, everything was quite easy. Um, on mornings where I head to uni after 10am, um, it's normally about the same. When I head to uni for a 9am class, uh, and I need to head out at 8 o'clock, um, the trip normally takes 30 minutes. Takes about 10 minutes longer, so, um, that's light traffic or medium traffic in the tunnel. When it's, when there's been an accident in the tunnel, it might take 15 minutes longer because I have to take the, uh, the bridge. Um, I can catch a bus near my home. I can take the M40, that bus takes me to Wynyard and then I would, uh, catch a train to Central and then take the express to university. Or I could take the 272 which also takes me to Wynyard, um, both of which are across the freeway. I would always have to take two buses. The first bus would be the one that takes me to Wynyard and the second bus would be the one that takes me from Central to university. I could, yes, uh, what I could do is walk from Wynyard to, um, Macquarie Street and take a 39-whatever-X bus from there. I have a feeling they do. I've never actually caught it myself because I've always taken the, uh, the train. That's the straight I'm meant to say. Elizabeth Street. Why did I say Macquarie Street? Okay. No comment.