 So Tuesday I had to get up early because I had my class starting at 9. I got to uni and like always the tutor was late so we just kind of waited around for her. And then a few people presented that week because we had the option of presenting the week after. So when we finished an hour and a half early I also ran out of the class with the people we presented. So we went out for a nice lunch. We were gonna go to Doncaster for cheap steak but then somebody got the deal day wrong. And it was too early for lunch so we kept walking and walking and we settled on a place called... Oh I forgot it started with B and they did a $6 quarter chicken and salad. And then I bought a milkshake. We talked for a while then I caught the bus to the city and went on home and I played Pokemon on the train. And then I went to sleep for a couple of hours because I just keep sleeping these days. And then I went out for dinner with Jeff and bought frozen yogurt for my sister who's obsessed with it now. And that's about it. Jeff booked for sushi in Ataman. He felt like something warm because it was a cold night so he got some udon with chicken katsu. I got sushi and we got these fried fish entree. I think the food's pretty good, very authentic and it's quite a homey restaurant. Yes I've been there to meet with my old high school Japanese teacher. Yeah I think convenient location and it's not too busy like Chatswood is and the food's pretty good. Oh no it was actually quite quiet but it was a decent flow of people coming in and out. Yeah we just kept walking down Anzac Parade and then we were originally going to go to a cafe even further down. But then there was this chalkboard sign that advertised the deal and my friends were all trying to save money. Just fell in love with it so we stopped there. No I wasn't really hungry because I had a late breakfast in class. So that's why I walked further down to get a milkshake from the cafe and I just sat with them instead. Ah strawberry milkshake that's always my favourite. No it's always artificial syrup but I think it's just as good. Um I used to but then I decided it wasn't worth the fattening aspect. I thought it was okay but my friend who got a chocolate one said it was too sweet. But I can never register when it's too sweet because everything I eat is very sweet. So it's just my normal standard. Ah no that day I just took public transport. Um could I not have driven? That's double negative. Um I guess are you asking me if I could have driven? Okay I could have but I drove the day before so I prefer to try and save petrol. Um it's about the same in the end maybe slightly cheaper. Um but I don't like the hassle of having to find a parking spot. Um yes definitely but then again if parking is really hard it could turn out the same. Because even if I drive here in only 20 minutes instead of an hour and a half. Hmm maybe you've got a point but sometimes it can take me half an hour to find an okay spot that I can settle with and then it takes me 20 minutes to walk back to uni. Because it's actually still pretty far. Uh I do whenever I start really early and I end late that day. Or if I've got other plans to run off to afterwards. Or if I've got heavy things to bring to uni. No but I almost had one this morning. So yes but Jeff's had more access. Yes because I'm the designated driver for tonight. Um I don't really enjoy drinking even though I can. Because I don't go red like he does. So I'm happy to just have one every couple of hours. And um in the end I think tonight we might stay at my place. So it's just more convenient for me to drive. It was quite smooth um except for that scary incident early on. Um I kept thinking if it was my fault if I was on the wrong side of the street. But I don't think I was. It was just like it was coming close to a corner and this car just drove way too fast around the corner so I couldn't react until he was right in front of my car. So he had to brake very suddenly and I had to swerve out of the way. No luckily. But that car sat there for a long time afterwards so I think he was also very traumatized. That's a possibility but I did look back and he just still didn't move. I hope he's not dead but I don't think so. No he stopped maybe just less than half a meter in front of my car. That's what I keep thinking over. Because we were on a vague um residential street where there's no lane markings. It's just generally one wider lane in the middle and two parking either side. So I think um it's generally that way where if you see a car coming you take the route and they wait for you or they give way to you. But none of us saw each other so we just kind of yeah. Yeah very very far. Perhaps but I think also I could have moved more to the left by that point. Because I was approaching a turn. I still had several more meters to go but I guess I could have prepared better. Ah yes. Oh no that's okay I just hope the guy in the car isn't somebody I actually know like my neighbor. Because then that would be awkward. It was just a few streets from home. Um no I drove really carefully for the rest of the way in case it was just going to be a bad dangerous date. I don't think so because nothing happened. I've never heard of it so if he does then I would say then it's his fault because he just came out of nowhere in a in a microsecond. No I wasn't. I think I was only going like 20. It's quite leisurely. Um residential street but it's quite packed with parking so I'll say most people go maximum 40. Um I think oh no not usually. Um I'm not sure because I was I like I had this thing where I don't like to accelerate too much and I just naturally let my car roll unless somebody's behind me wanting me to go faster. So that day I was just leisurely letting my car roll. Um no I was traveling at the speed I needed to which is like 78. Okay no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.