 From yesterday, I got to sleep in because I had no work. That's like working in an office work. But then I got up maybe around 9.30 to have breakfast and it started on design, which is a team assignment. So I basically worked on that all day long until my family came home around four. I ended up having a very late lunch at four too, because that's when I decided I was actually hungry. And then I worked all the way to about 10 when Jeff finished his uni meeting and then we spoke on the phone and then I went to sleep. And how about today as well? Okay, well then today I woke up at 7.15 and I could have cereal before going to uni because I was going to drive. And then I found a pretty good parking spot on my usual street. And I just had a lecture and I did some work on my own. That's it. My usual so that's the just right cereal with a bit of seeds in it. Yep, that's right. So why did I have cereal? Okay, um, that means I would have to leave home earlier and I would prefer just to lie in bed for a bit longer rather than so I would usually say I've been trying to but I still kind of don't. Sleep sleeping today. Pretty smooth. I left home a bit later than usual, but I got here pretty quickly. There were no accidents. I think it's because I was lying in bed playing one of the games I'm a bit addicted to, which is this farm where you get to feed animals. So delayed me a bit. It's really bad. I play it maybe I check on it at least once every hour. But one of those things where you just press a few buttons every hour and that's it. I just really like it because it evokes my imagination of what if I had a simple life and I just raised and I'm yes I do. So I've got a dog a cat and we used to have a rabbit and birds. Oh, we saw fish as well. I do more of the playing with them and taking my dog out on a walk, but my mom does all the feeding, but I help her with the vaccinations. I only remember when my mom asks me but I think it's once every month is the flea treatments once every three months are things like heart disease or worms and then once a year we have to do that. It's pretty pricey. But my mom pays for all of that. So I don't feel the brunt of it. I had my first pet when I was around five or six. And that was a cat that we inherited from the homeowners because they didn't want to take it. He was really old and he kind of kept himself. I liked him though, but my mom didn't let me touch him in case he had fleas. He was already used to just wandering outside, but he'll come back food. So we just feed him and that's all. I've always loved cats. So I try to get as close without touching him in case I got flea. He's really hyperactive. So that's why you shouldn't get Pomeranians as pets. He's more than 10 years old, but he's still really cool. I think it's just in his genetics. Because small dogs like to bark at everything and they like to pretend they're really strong and aggressive, but they're really scared. And he likes human company. He tries to be, but he's not very good at it. Because all he does is make lots of noise. But when whoever it is, that's a threat comes in, he gets scared and he runs away. Oh no. He only bites you by accident if you itch him in a spot that he doesn't like. But then he licks you straight afterwards to say sorry. Only by accident, but it's not pain. Has it been a bit? Oh no, it's superficial. What kind of cat is he? He's really mean. He's got this attitude where he doesn't like being touched. And if you stare at him, he gets angry because he thinks you're provoking. I picked him by accident. Because from the window, he was the one who kept himself. And I thought he looked like a cat that wouldn't be hyperactive because our dog is too hyperactive. But he ended up being anti-so. Do you wish you had picked him? I do because before him and after the old cat, I had the best cat ever. And I love her to bits. Oh, when we moved house, cats don't adapt very well. So we were supposed to keep her indoors for a week. But then we accidentally let her out and ran away. She couldn't find her way. When I, maybe 10 years ago. Oh no. I didn't have another cat for at least six years because I was so upset. But then I thought it was time to move on. But it didn't work because this new cat's really mean. Oh, I still like him. It's just I can't touch him. And so I guess we'll keep him until he's too old and he passes. And hopefully I'll get I'll pick the cat, the next cat, right. She does, but she knows that he's mean as well. We just think he's really cool. He's probably the coolest one in our whole family. How are your dogs? They're pretty good. We named them after each person in our family, but they keep passing away for some weird reason. So it's kind of ominous. We started off with five because it was also my brother's birthday present. And he was five back then. But I think now we only have three. Your rabbit? That was one of my first pets when I was young. So this is after the very old cat that we inherited. And again, that rabbit was quite angry. He didn't like being touched. So I don't know why our pets are kind of. Oh, I think I am. I like cats still like an independent animal who just likes to sit on your lap when you're working. I like something that's more docile. Have you thought of branching out? Um, maybe maybe a weasel or something, because they're quite cute because they're quite long. Are they docile? Probably not. They look really hyperactive. What about a turtle? Oh, maybe. But then it doesn't do very much. That's true. I don't like goldfish at all. It's my mom's thing. She loves pets like she's obsessed with them. I'm going to ask you a series of questions and you should answer them. OK. How many pets have you had? No comment. Why don't you like goldfish? No comment. No comment. Do you find them exciting? No comment. Were you sad? No comment. Did you want any kind of fish? No comment. Like a sea anemone? No comment. Why is your rabbit angry? No comment. Does he play with them? No comment. Why do you have bad tasting pets? No comment. Did you intend to pick such a bad one? No comment. No comment. Do you wish that he was a bit more hyperactive? No comment. Did you pick your dog? No comment. No comment. Do you mind being bitten? No comment. Who is your favourite pet? No comment. Are you about to suck another? No comment. What happened if you pick another mean cat? No comment. No comment. No comment. Did you get a rabbit? No comment. Did you realise he was an angry rabbit? No comment. Have you ever heard of rabbits? No comment. What did you think when you first saw the rabbit? No comment. Did you think they were lovely? No comment. Did it disappoint you? No comment. Why do you find the goldfish boring? No comment. Don't you find that they're beautiful? No comment. Do you like feeding them? No comment. Why do you want a weasel? No comment. Don't you think they're not docile? No comment. Do you laugh while you study? No comment. Do you think they'll run around and drive you crazy? No comment. What about another pet? No comment. Maybe a smaller pet? No comment. Why don't you get an old cat that would be kind of happy with that? No comment. Can you find one? No comment. How often do you go to the zoo? No comment. Do you ever see a pet and think how cute they are? No comment.