 Okay, so yesterday I got to sleep in because I didn't have to go to work and then I went down for breakfast which was my usual cereal with a sprinkle of kappaku seeds and then I watched the Olympics because that's always pretty interesting Like a replay and then I got started on work. So work was mainly an elective magazine sort of layout and some group emails for a design assignment and yeah, I just did that all day long and then I Then it somehow became dinner time and Jeff called and then I went back to work and then I went so just a long day of work Um, I think it might have been 930 Because usually I would be up more around 7 o'clock and I didn't have to set an alarm. Oh, yeah Uh, yeah, I generally do. Um, I think I've got an internal alarm clock or something Um, usually I would wake up maybe just 10 minutes before unless I have a deep dream or so Um, no, I don't take that risk just in case Um, I had just right and I think it's their variation on the original with some raspberries dried ones and then With some of the seeds put in and some milk. Oh, no, that's strange I think to drink tea with oh, maybe this um, I had a glass of water before my cereal Yeah, cuz I don't drink any water and um because I have to go to the bathroom a lot Um, oh I can drink and before I go to sleep but not in the middle of the night if I wake up around Not just before I sleep maybe two hours I'm not that thirsty of a person. I like I can go with a little bit of a liquid for a few hours Yeah, I think um, that's why my lips always a little bit dry with that and I told you in the last interview I don't really eat fruit. So I think my body's adapted to minimal liquid Yeah, that's true. So I don't know Um, I don't know maybe it's weird because I still have to go to the bathroom a lot even though I don't drink much Well, so I think my kidneys are super. Yeah, maybe it's not very good So I think now I'm bringing a water bottle to uni all the time to try and encourage myself Um, it's good If I leave home with half a bottle full Because then I don't use the excuse that it's empty and I have to go out of my way to get water and then if I'm In the red cinder all day long. It's easy to refill because we've got bubblers. Um Today so far I refilled it. So that's a good sign. I think also because it's warmer. That's why I feel inclined Generally yes, cuz I sweat a lot. So I guess you're right. Maybe I do drink more in summer Yeah, the problem is I only drink when I'm really thirsty and I've heard that that's a sign that your body is already uncomfortable So I should drink before I feel thirsty, but I don't know Oh, somebody said to me I should aim for like seven cups a day, but I think in reality I probably only have four mat um, but it's also because I Have things like for example ice cream and that wets your mouth and then you don't feel thirsty anymore Um, unless it's really sweet like chocolate block, but I think ice creams alright, maybe oh not really That's the only time I have it is with my syrup. Yeah, I think that's the only real Luckily not every day because I think then it starts to feel pretty bad but on bad days Me and Jeff we can finish the tub to just for fun Luckily, no, we're trying to save money. So it's a good incentive to stay away from Oh, it was the night before Jeff decided to go on his diet So we celebrated the end of his freedom with a chunky chocolate one We were thinking of going for your chunky monkey, but we went for the other one Yes, it was too intense. Yeah, so I didn't have as much as I used that was all we ate in the cinema So I have no idea what it looked like. It was too dark Luckily not it was so frozen that we really had to chip away at it. Oh, it's their tub size Maybe not a leader but quite big. Oh, yeah, mainly Jeff. So cuz it was too intense me Um, almost half I usually can do better No, my favorite still the strawberry cheesecake. Oh, but I should try your chunky monkey. So one day Oh, we discussed this. Um, I used to like a lot because it's portable and it's neat But now it always gets squished in my bag. So I don't like it as much Yeah That's just because it requires extra effort because then I have to peel it and I have to get a knife and slice it up But right now it's just really easy because I dump things in a plate and I eat it. Okay, okay No comment No comment, no comment No comment, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment No comment No comment Comment no comment, no comment. No comment. No comment No comment No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment. No comment. No comment. No. Comment. No. Comment. No comment no comment No comment, no comment, no comment.