 Okay so after I woke up I had my usual breakfast which is what I've been recommending to Jeff. It's like these seeds called Kapai Puku and they're really good for digestion. And then I drove today because today I have uni from 9 to 9. I got a fairly good parking spot but then I left my jacket there and it was really cold. And then I had a lecture in the morning and then a massive break so I was just studying in the science theatre and then I came here. That's my day so far. I woke up today at 7.10 which is 10 minutes more than I usually would wake up because I decided to drive. It's not very interesting. Yeah. Okay because usually if I caught the train then even the extra 10 minutes would mean I would miss it but since I'm driving it's a bit more flexible. 7 o'clock? 7.20 if I don't have breakfast. I used to do it all the time but I decided this year to try and make a change of it because or else I don't pay attention in class. Not really because I still snack all day long but I imagine it has to be better for me and I've gotten used to waking up a bit earlier. Yep so I had milk with the seeds. I also mix it with my cereal and I always start the day with a glass of water because otherwise I don't drink all night long. Is that a period? Yeah it's actually, it's sold as a package where it's probably got 20 different seeds in it. So all types of seed and some raisins. You can have it flat, you can have it with yogurt, you can have it with milk but I like to mix it with my cereal because otherwise by itself it's really hard to chew and it's a bit tiring. Yes. Just right I think it's the one with raspberry. I used to have the really sugary ones but I decided that wasn't good either. Trying to be healthy. Just by taste. I never read the facts. I think it's not as intense because there's a lot of oats in it so I think it's better because I used to have crunchy nut and that's like tastes completely like honey. Yeah. Um no. Oh if it has seeds it might only be one or two so its taste doesn't come out that much but um yeah these seeds were recommended because apparently it's just really good like no matter what sort of unhealthy food you eat your digestion it really works well and the fiber is really high. That's a good idea but I find bran very tasteless. I think these seeds because there's so many raisins in it as well it's a bit sweeter which is good. Yeah I know but I can't do it because I really like sweet things so this is the best compromise for me. Yeah. Uh fresh fruit wise. I never really like fruit. I eat it very rarely but every now and then I will have some cherries or some grapes because they're really portable and easy. Yeah I like artificial sweet things. Yeah. Um a little bit. I find it a bit intense sometimes. Um in the way that it is very sweet I think because it still tastes like fruit and I'm not a huge fan of fruit I don't really like it. So um let's see I used to have a lot of chocolate but I've cut down so now I think I was having a lot of um poppycock. Do you know what that is? Um it's like glazed popcorn and caramel but it's also mixed together with almonds and other sort of nuts so it's basically honey and nuts and it's quite nice. Oh you get it from Costco. You should shop at Costco it's really fun. Everything's like super sized. Yeah I know I can't change it. Like Jeff and I we were talking before about how we pig out on a whole tub of Ben and Jerry's together in one night because it's so delicious especially strawberry cheesecake. That's yes absolutely my favorite. Um I had it a long time ago so I'm not so sure now but ever since I found strawberry I think it's just perfect because even when you eat a lot it's not so sweet that it's intoxicating. Yeah you can't control yourself which is why we finished like a liter tub in one night which is bad. Um for Ben and Jerry's I tried their chocolate and peanut butter. Um I like it how with all their flavors whatever they put in you can really taste it and the textures as well but aside from that yeah I've been sticking to strawberry. Um oh not that many then I would say probably only around six. Um I don't know I usually always branch out I usually never hold on to anything for too long but this is the one exception for some reason just works for me it's perfect. Um I've been searching for a while to find the right one but now that I've gotten onto Just Right I think it's probably the best option because before that it was crunchy nard it was like cocoa pops and the really sweet stuff. Oh no I haven't maybe because it doesn't have as much dried fruit in it so I think with a little bit of dried fruit it's a little bit sweeter so that's yes that's right. Generally not because I think the main problem is it's quite messy which is why it's juicy but you know you get it all over your fingers and you gotta cut it up and you gotta wash it but oh that's why I used to really like bananas because that's easy and portable and clean. Um only really bananas then. But you like cheese and grapes. Because they're also portable and I don't have to wash them I just eat them. So yeah lazy fruit. Um today I also packed some um sweet loaves I don't know if there's another name for it but it's vanilla flavoured. Um I also packed some I think they're french pastry like because they're quite puffy and thin and crispy and they've wrapped it all together so it's swirled. Um I've got two slices of the sweet loaves each slice may be around two centimetres thick and then with the other biscuits the french pastry one may be about four. I also had poppy cock but I already ate it so. Oh lunch I had uh cheese and wait no ham and cheese croissant yes. Um so far today just water aside from the milk in the morning. Oh I have tea at work I think um yeah because they they have those facilities where you get instant hot water it's pretty easy. Um let's see I like to have tea with milk. Yeah I'm in the built environment which is really poor so we only just recently got a lounge we never had that before which is really nice. Um I'm actually not a coffee person which is good I like the taste of it but I don't like being dependent on it so if I ever do have it it's only for the flavour. I'll answer no comment okay just yes or no I don't understand no comment. So I'm gonna ask you. Yeah yeah oh I get it okay yes I understand now no comment okay. No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.