 Oh, yesterday from the time I woke up. So I woke up and Andy had stayed over the night before. So Andy and Pete were there. SJ wasn't there. So we got up and Pete and I were working on this condition report that we had to hand in for the rental place we've got. So the agent had gone through and marked down what she thought. So we had to go through and mark down what we thought so that when our lease expires, when we go to get our bond back, there's a record of how we thought the place was. So we're going around and doing that, basically just a room to room thing, marking things off. It wasn't very interesting, except for being attacked by several spiders. So we did that. Then we walked to uni because Pete had a meeting and I wanted to get some thesis done. I didn't wind up getting any thesis done because I saw, not because I didn't want to work on my thesis, but my coat was broken and I was meeting up with someone so they could sew a button on for me. So that sort of just took longer than I thought it would. And then we had to finish off the condition report. So we did that, which was pretty much Pete and I after that, transcribing what we annotated on his iPad onto the actual forms. Then I went back to the house and checked the water meter, wrote that down and dropped that information off at the agent. After that, I went shopping to get some groceries and stuff, and then I cooked dinner. And yeah, after that, watched some movies and then cleaned up and went to bed. It's probably around 8.30, somewhere between 8 and 9. Oh, because it's not that early, not as early as I used to have to wake up when I was living at home to get in by nine, probably at least seven. Yeah. What was the route? Just straight down Anzac Parade and then up High Street. In terms of distance or time? In terms of time, probably to uni, about 10, maybe 15 minutes. If I walk slow. In terms of distance, I have a very bad judge of distance. So let's just steer away from that one. A couple hours because we wanted to be thorough, make sure we picked up everything because we don't want to lose bond money. Just more like cracks and tiles and paint damage and things like that than they had noted down. There was a huge chip somewhere where they'd said no chips. So that probably wasn't something we agreed with. More hooks, which was important because they told us we weren't allowed to put up hooks. So if there was a difference, we could have lost money because of that. So it was like that. Yeah, there was like there was other people who lived in the place beforehand. So probably just so they could use for pictures and whatnot. We're allowed to use the hooks that are there, but we're not allowed to put in new hooks without permission from the agent slash landlord. Pretty odd place, like wouldn't know in terms of actual years, but not a new place. And the landlord's parents were living there until recently. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a pretty good place and nothing in the condition report that would bother me, except for the spiders. I don't know, I think because it was vacant for a while. So things have moved in. Like I was trying to close the shed door and this giant brown one lunged at my arm. I don't mind bugs. I mean, I don't like it when giant ones the size of my hand lunge at me. But normally, yeah, I'm OK with them. Not normally, no. But when that giant one jumped at me, I did scream like a little girl. I don't know. Didn't get a good enough look at it other than big and brown. I don't know. I'm probably going to have to deal with them. I would prefer to just be able to catch and release. But with ones that large, it may not be possible. And with the possibility of them being venomous, I don't want them killing my housemates. So may have to take a stronger line approach, which would be murder. Don't know. I guess there's always surface sprays, things like that. Probably wouldn't have the money for an exterminator. But other than that, I'd just say vigilance. Possibly. And there is like possibly in some of the walls some termite damage, which is potentially a concern. But with a place like this, like I wouldn't be surprised to see bugs every now and then and we'll deal with them as they come. Yeah. It's tracks in the wall and that it's hollower than like other bits of the same design. Yes. Just when yesterday, not a lot. I looked at some papers, but that was about it and thought about what I'm going to be doing about tracking some water masses in my plot. Probably only about an hour yesterday. Generally on a day, I would probably do somewhere between eight and ten. I'm looking to increase that to about twelve the closer we get to October 30th. Maybe more. That would be with like a lunch break in between and getting a coffee every now and then, I suppose. Probably not absolutely necessary, but if I want to get first class, I'm going to give my chance, give myself every available chance to do that. It's looking at an extinction event that happened 55 and a half million years ago in the deep ocean because of a climatic perturbation known as the Paleocene. Whoa, thermal maximum. As in my personal reason or the reason for science? OK. Why it's scientifically important is because it's probably the best analog we've got for modern anthropogenic climate change. So knowing the impacts that happened back then could help us better predict and mitigate risk of now, as well as knowing if there's this carbon reservoir that could go off again at some stage and increase warming. In terms of personal reasons, I'm interested in large scale global ocean processes and the ecological implications of them. OK, so I'm running a computer model. So using boundary conditions that my supervisor helped me identify, we've run models and I'll be using paleoproxies to corroborate that. So things like mostly deep sea cores using isotopic analysis from flora and fauna shells mainly. OK. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.