 yesterday morning? I woke up, I showered and got ready. I wound up working from home yesterday so it was a lot of sitting on the floor surrounded by plots and going through those. Also tried to get stuff organised to do with the house and had a clothes rack collapse which was fun. Created a LinkedIn profile which took a while and was interesting. So there was that and that took a good long period of time but hopefully it'll be useful in the long run. Other than that, not a lot of interesting things. I just worked on my thesis. Towards the night Pete and SJ came home and we hung out a bit. It wasn't a very big day. Would you like me to go into more detail on the thesis stuff? Okay. Well basically what I'm doing at the moment is I'm writing up an essay plan for the first part of my result. So it was involved looking at a whole bunch of different plots I've made. The plots I'm looking at focus on the amount of dissolved oxygen, salinity and temperature. And I'm using this to try and track water masses, see where deep water is forming and where it's going and how that's going to impact on the ecology. I'm also looking at oxygen minimum levels and at what depth oxygen is disappearing and the ventilation, things like that. This is all so I can track deep water masses mostly. So there's more detail on that. In terms of creating the LinkedIn profile, I guess I can go into some more detail there. It's sort of like writing a resume. Going through all of these different positions I've had in the past and putting more information on that as well as volunteering positions that I've held and education stuff. So uni stuff, TAFE stuff, the winter school I went to recently, putting in things about that as well as putting down skills that I apparently possess and going through that. And some stuff that I still need to do on it is write what my objectives are. So I guess I need to work out what they are before I can write them. Other than that, I don't know, there's not really much I could go into more detail on unless you're interested in food. It actually happened, I was in Canberra this weekend visiting some friends and one said friend that I was visiting told me about it and he was like, it's a really good idea. He has people just randomly contacting him about it, like headhunters or people asking for recommendations or asking him to recommend people for jobs. And so I thought, okay, well it's a resource that exists that I'm not using, so I should rectify that. And, I mean, maybe people won't contact me on it, but there's a chance that they will. So if there's that chance, there's no harm in having it. I'm okay with it. I mean, my resume doesn't have anything I want to hide. I can't imagine a resume would, and it means it's getting out to more people and it means people that I possibly wouldn't have been able to connect with and opportunities I didn't know was out there I'd be able to engage with. Well, it only shows basic sorts of information and I can control what's on there and what's not on there and if they contact me and I don't want to follow things up, I can end it there. Yeah, it's via the LinkedIn profile, so they don't get my actual contact information. LinkedIn sends me a notification. Yeah, it's okay. I suppose it's a little bit bland at the moment. I've still got to work out how to give it some individual flair that will hopefully attract people. But yeah, at least like my main industry is research, which I guess it is at the moment. I put details on my thesis and the stuff I'm working on at the moment as well as like lab demonstrating and teaching stuff. A whole bunch of OIC stuff as well and all of the ARC stuff like board directing to I guess try and show that I've got research skills but also skills in leadership and teamwork and strategy. Not particularly. I mean, I've connected with one of my lecturers who actually was one of the people who got me interested in climate science in the first hand. So that was interesting. I guess it's good to have him on there. I'm hoping through him and a few other people I can start building this profile into something that's got a lot of climate link. I guess sort of like in that it's this online network and you connect with people like that, but it's very different focus I guess. Facebook's very much about the social side of things I guess and LinkedIn much more a professional network. Though that said, I guess a lot of the people that I'm connected with at the moment are sort of similar. It mostly is people that I've attended uni with or through OIC and things like that connected with. They would. I don't think it's as effective from a professional point of view. And I guess this is showing that I've got links to diverse areas. So I would like to also, as I said, build those climate links. Why didn't I have any breakfast? I don't know. I just decided not to. It's a decision I make many days that I often have my housemates less excited about. Did I have lunch? Yes, I made sandwiches. Oh yeah, there was tea and there was Milo at some point as well because I'm busy. Food's important, yes, but I have a tendency to get lost in my thoughts and my tasks and sometimes not deem it as important as progress. And if I don't eat at all I would find that I get a drop. But when I need to, I eat. I just, as you would also know, not have that big an appetite so it doesn't take as much to push me along. Yes, chicken rolls. Technically, I guess some form of processing plant made them. I microwaved them. Uh, no, it was from 7-11. It was just a roll that I microwaved. So probably terrible for my blood pressure. Why didn't I cook? Because I got carried away with thesis and didn't have groceries or time. I wasn't in time. I'd gone out and got groceries. I could have, but as I said I was working on my thesis and I deemed that more deserious. But one meal's not gonna kill me. How many meals did I have? No, one of them was less healthy than it could have been. Saying healthy? Yeah, probably. And then how healthy are sandwiches? No comment. No comment. Comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.