 Okay, I woke up and I started getting ready to go out. I like had a shower and whatever. I had breakfast, peanut butter toast. I was also talking to one of my housemates because he hadn't left yet. I then helped him. We've got this sort of like portable washing line that we either hook up inside if it's like bad weather or night or outside if it's sunny. And I've worked out the best system for hooking it up inside. So helped him set that up. So he clothes out. So I did that. Then I came into uni. While I so came to do my job at Arc, had coffee with the department I work in, then was just working all day. I was working on a couple of projects. One of which is they're looking at setting up something like Lifeline or Nightline where it's like a phone service at night that students can ring up and talk to someone about stuff. It also, to me, seems like a lot, it's just gonna be contact at night, how that goes. I'm also looking at integrating the Canberra website into the main Arc website. And I was also whilst working on this, researching a company that I might be doing an internship with. So trying to learn more about them and if it was somewhere I would be interested in working. So I did that. After work, I went home and started working and updating my resume because last week I had a consultation with a careers advisor and they gave me some ideas for my resume. So I've been working on that. I then went out to dinner with my housemates to a sushi place called Pinocchio's. I then came home and continued to work on my resume. I watched some TV and I went to bed. Eight o'clock, about half an hour, yes. Yes, I had orange juice. Well, there's not really any room in our backyard for it. There was a washing line that was permanently out there but it wasn't in very good condition. We didn't really feel comfortable hanging our clothes on it. So we got a portable one that we can do inside or outside. There's lots of hooks and other things that you need to hang it off in. If you're like me and not very tall, it also involves climbing on top of things. Trial and error. Yeah, yes. I'm not actually sure on that. I'm, yeah, I don't know. I'm actually, my role in it is more researching how privacy and confidentiality would work with the phone calls and things like that. So looking into how structures that are already set up, such as Lifeline, Kids Helpline, ReachOut and Nightline in the UK are working. Because part of the problem is that they're already really packed and difficult to get onto. For instance, if you call Lifeline, you can wait for as long as half an hour. Honestly, I am skeptical because what, like some studies do show that peer-to-peer counseling actually works and it's really, really effective. But I don't know how effectively students will use this service. And I see it most likely becoming contact at night where people will call up and be like, hey, I want to get pizza. Do you know where a good place for pizza is to do? Okay. Well, one of the big priorities of this program is to promote awareness of mental health. So I guess it'd be like mental health training, maybe some form of counseling training. I guess it's less about knowing, probably similar to contact, less about knowing the answers and more about knowing where to find them and who's best to direct them to. So I guess it would be training on services available inside and outside the university. So they could probably assimilate some of the Yellow Shirts or contact training and that would probably be effective. Yep. Well, this is being set up along with consultation with counseling and I guess counseling's only open through like business hours. So it'd be someone they could contact outside those hours. And I'm guessing a lot of the time, some of the advice they would be giving is like, here's a service that, counseling, I don't know, as opposed to researching a company for an internship. It was mostly doing proper work. I probably spent about an hour researching. Yes, I did. I had lunch with some other people that work at ARC. For dinner, I had teriyaki chicken and rice and dumplings. Yeah, yeah. I don't really eat sushi because it's seafood and I only eat seafood if I know it's been sustainably sourced and I can't really be sure of that at a place like Pinocchio's. Not really. I mean, I don't really get fish cravings. I mean, occasionally if I'm at somewhere where I know it's sustainably sourced, like the Bavarian, I'll eat it because I can. But most of the time, no, I don't really get cravings. Not really, but I did go to a place recently where they had live fish that they then went and grabbed after people chose them and cooked that fish and that was, I didn't really like that. I wouldn't go back to a place like that. Well, it would, I'm not keen on that either, but that's less to do with the seafood, more the fact that I just think it's really morose. Not really, I mean, if I had to do it, I probably would, but yeah, don't really like it. I guess it would be fresh, but I'm okay with processed if it means I don't have to see its face. Two broke girls. Yeah, yeah, no news. Nope, yeah, well, TV, there was no ads it was streamed. Yes, funny show, wanted to watch it, hmm, no, my new favorite show? I guess if there's a show recently that I've watched that I really, really enjoyed it would be Community. Well, it's not new, but I hadn't seen it before, so it was new for me. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Cool.