 Okay, so I woke up, I had a shower, and I got ready to go to work. Um, I went to work, I got some breakfast on the way, um, toast. I then went to work and I did a little bit of work and then, um, I went, all of the department went and got coffee so I got a hot chocolate because no caffeine. Um, so I did that, that was cool and I kept working. Um, at the moment the project I'm doing is I am writing a document outlining all of the, like, policies and procedures in terms of legal stuff for a new volunteer program at uni that will, um, act as a support service during the night, which you can ring if, um, just for anything really, but the aim of the service is in case, um, they're having any, like, big problems, it's to promote mental health, all of those sort of things and just fill a service gap. So I was working on that, um, that wasn't too eventful. Um, I had lunch with a friend of mine, I had a salad, it's very good, so I did some more work and then I went with, um, my housemate to a costume shop because he needed to get a costume for his work Christmas party, so I did that with him. Um, then we went and got dinner, we had Subway, there's a new Sub called Chicken, Lemon and Herb and I tried that, it was okay. I probably wouldn't get it again, like, maybe if I felt like it, but it was nothing to write home about. Then I went to the movies and I saw James Bond's Skyfall, good, um, then I came home, um, to one of my housemates for a bit, went to bed, couldn't sleep, got back up, um, just sort of hung out for a few more hours and then I went to bed. Eight o'clock, nine o'clock. Um, I didn't want to, um, make anything and it was just easier for me to grab it on the way. I could have, but I was, I don't know, I didn't feel like it. Uh, sometimes, uh, it's like three bucks. Um, if I add up all of the materials, um, it would work out cheaper because I could probably pay about five and get enough to make toast several times. Sometimes I'm running late, sometimes I just can't be bothered doing it, sometimes it's just easier to buy toast. Uh, I was probably walking a bit faster than I normally would to get to work. Well, it's not ideal. Um, probably about half an hour. I don't think it's so much the break, I think it's the ritual, the bonding, the doing something together. Because I think people probably don't want to have that much coffee, so instead of getting their morning coffee, they'll wait till they can all do it together. No, maybe they have their own coffee and if so, they may be abusing substances and something that could be taken a look at. No, I had hot chocolate. No, I'm certain. I think coffee is also a verb. It's not necessarily the noun of coffee, the thing, but it's the act of going to get a hot beverage together because that's sort of wordy. Yeah, doesn't really roll off the tongue as well as coffee. I have said, let's go and get a hot beverage. They normally give me a funny look. Instead of coffee, tea. I could say a hot drink, but again, it doesn't really roll off the tongue. It's not really specific enough, is it? Is it though? Because as I said before, coffee is a verb now too, just like science. I think if not, it is possibly an amendment that should be made and I could write a decambridge about that. Actually, I should probably do Macquarie because that's the Australian one. No, no. Why not? Yes. Yeah, I guess I could put it up on Urban Dictionary, see what the internet thinks. No, they're mostly... Well, if they take other words on Urban Dictionary seriously, I think they could take coffee as a verb seriously. Um, no, no, I did not. I got it from a stock market on campus. No, no. I don't... I tell them what I want and they put it in the salad. Yes. Okay, sure. This is a very... um, we're really getting into the way words work. Uh, there's a place in Waterloo called the Costume Shop. It actually wasn't for me though, it was for my housemate. Uh, hippie Iron Man. Well, the theme of the party was like hippies, but he also wanted to go as Iron Man, so it was mostly Iron Man armor with hippie pants. Um, it worked okay. It was a little bit odd, but I guess it's something different and it's probably good for the party. Yes. Uh, no, I didn't have anything to pick something out for. Also, normally if I have a costume party, I'll pull together a costume myself or make stuff myself. Uh, I think it was 77 for the rental. Yep. I don't think so. Um, for renting costumes, I don't think there is any really anywhere that much cheaper. Um, but I think if he was going to use the costume again buying it would be better, but if it's just a one-off, like maybe renting it's fine. Um, I'm not entirely sure. I don't normally buy costumes. As I said, I make them myself. I don't know. I went in wanting a meatball, but then I saw there was a new one, so I thought maybe I'll try that and then I was just sad I didn't get meatball. Yeah, I get a few things but felt like meatball. Yeah. Yeah, thought something new, might as well give it a go. It depends on if it looks like it's something I might like, in general, no, but if there's something new, I might as well try it. I'm glad I tried it. Depends if I was in the mood for it. But I mean, there's other chicken subs that I think I probably prefer from Subway. Alright, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment,