 On Monday, okay, gotta think back now. So on Monday, I would have gotten up, I would have gotten ready for uni. There was probably some form of talking to my housemates. Say there would have been food eaten as well. So that would have happened, I believe... Oh, Monday! So Monday, we've got someone staying with us from Germany, so she was going to the airport to go to Melbourne for a week. So that happened. Pete drove her to the airport. I had breakfast of some kind. I believe it was probably cereal, Sultana brand, I'm gonna say. So that happened. Then I went to uni. Monday, we wound up sending an email to our agent with a whole bunch of stuff we needed fixed. And for some reason, I don't know why, but I wound up being the point of contact for pretty much all of the trade people that had to contact us. So whilst working on my thesis on Monday, I was also dealing with a whole bunch of phone calls, which was interesting. So yeah, I worked on my thesis. I had people throughout the day subtly telling me that they'd become squad leaders. So that happened. I had lunch with a friend of mine, Dan Morris. And whilst that was going on, I was reading some comics on his iPad, and we were just chatting about the comics, about the great engineering challenge that was happening the next day that he was organising, about my thesis, about squad leader stuff. Then I went to contact on campus for a little bit, just to say hello to people, and had more people telling me subtly that they'd become squad leaders. So that happened. I went back and worked on thesis for a bit more. I'm writing at the moment, so I was doing that. Oh, and Monday, because I desk share with a PhD student, she was around once a month, and he was in on Monday. So unfortunately, I wasn't at my desk, which is all nicely set up with my programs, and my files, and photos, and not that the photos I have stuck on my desk are important, but they help me work. So I was on a completely different desk. So it probably wasn't the most productive day in terms of thesis, because I was sort of out of my sink a little bit, but stuff still happened. So that happened. I also then went to the White House to meet up with some people, have a few drinks. The email about squad leaders came out. I had a brief phone conversation with my housemate slash the coordinator afterwards, because I tend to check up on him after big things. So that happened. Then I went to the local tab house for trivia with a few people, which was fun. Then one of the people I was with, his name is Dan Booth, came back to my place, and we hung out for a little bit, spoke about stuff. He then left, and my housemates came home. We chatted for a little while, which was good. And then I went to bed, and there was dinner at some stage there as well. But yeah, it's about it, because it was a few days ago now. There wasn't really all of that much that happened that stuck in my head. So yeah, I'd think about it again, probably. A week later or a few days later, probably wouldn't be able to remember it as clearly as I was recounting the next day. I believe it was Sultana brand, but not a high confidence interval there. Might've been porridge, I don't really remember. A few times a week, probably about the same frequency. This morning I had neither. I did have breakfast though. A muffin, not very often, because I was in a hurry. No, it's not as quick, and I can't just sit with it at my desk. That's a eat at home and do washing up sort of breakfast. I would normally have either a cup of tea or a cup of Milo. Neither, I had orange juice. On Monday, I would have had Milo. No, it's just whatever I feel like when I wake up, because I didn't feel like a hot drink this morning. I wanted a cold one. Not particularly, but my mouth was a little dry. I drink some water, but it's not normally the featured drink of my breakfast. I've got my desk set up. I'm comfortable there. It's where all my files are. I'm typing on a computer I'm used to. It's not that I'm completely unproductive when I'm away from my desk, but it sort of just breaks my groove a little bit. If it happens again, I will probably make sure I've got my laptop with me, because I'm more comfortable there. Probably just at another desk, generally. I'd have to do a bit of a hunt though, find out who's not in that day. Nope, it's pretty much known that we are very short on space, so desks will get used by whoever needs them. Yes, it's generally accepted that PhD students get a desk and a regular desk, and I am allowed to use it when he's not around. Don't need them, they just make me more comfortable. It's nice to see pictures of my friends there. No, because he's only in once a month, and he's okay with it. Technically, yes, but he's there once a month. It does. No, he does not, unless you include a tennis racket, because he's not really around enough to do that. He only comes in when he needs to actually see his supervisor, because he lives a few hours away, so mostly he just works from home. So I'm guessing his photo's there. No, I don't know. Generally, I'm at a desk in the Climate Change Research Centre on level four of Matthews. I'm actually right outside my supervisor's office. It was the most available desk, because as I mentioned, it's PhD students only once a month, so it's rare that I'll have to find somewhere else. More regularly, I'll probably just have to hunt around for a desk, or there is the option of me moving to an office in electrical engineering, because my supervisor is in the Research Centre, and I've got much easier access to her there. I'm not entirely sure. We've only just received clearance to move in, because our Research Centre is expanding, and there's no space for us where we are at the moment. So it'll move, but it'll probably be a research group, and my supervisor definitely doesn't want to move, so I doubt I'll be moving. No comment.