 Okay, so I woke up around 8.30 and then I had breakfast and had a shower and got ready and I left the house around 9.30 and I went to the city and I went shopping and I bought some shorts and a top and a hat because I forgot to bring my hat which I was supposed to bring and then I went to the entertainment quarter and I got there about 12.30 and I had to wait for people to arrive because they weren't getting there until 1 and then we ate lunch with a couple of people who came early and everyone else was late to the one when we were supposed to have lunch and then we had a booking for bowling at 3.30 so around 3.15 everyone had arrived so we went inside and paid and we did 10-fifth bowling upstairs in Strack at the entertainment quarter and then we went downstairs and did laser tag at 5 and we're in our double squad was split into two groups for laser tag and then there was a third group of children and we pwned the children and I felt really bad about it but everyone else was like, yay we pwned the children and my team won laser tag, it was exciting and then afterwards we got ice cream and sat around and talked for a while and then after that everyone left and I went to Dan Booth's party which he was having which started at 7 but I only stayed until about 8 and then I went home. Why did you go so early to the city if you were there at 1 o'clock? I wanted to go shopping first and I wanted to get there early. Were you going to go shopping? Yes. To buy all those three items? I had a $10 off thing that was expiring that day and there was a sale. At which place? That place, Just Jeans. And so did you use your voucher? Yes. And where did you eat lunch? I had a Porto's. Is there a Porto's at the entertainment quarter? Yes. And so did you drop to go to... No I got public transport. And how many did you need to take? I took two buses. I had to take a bus to the train station then a train to the city and then a bus from the city to the entertainment quarter. And so how long did your whole travel take you? Probably about two hours. Was that going straight to the entertainment quarter? So I stopped in the city for a while. Was it quicker to get out? Than to go... I would have had to catch another bus to the entertainment quarter anyway. Aren't there shops at the entertainment quarter? Yeah, but I don't think there's a Just Jeans and I had a voucher. Did you go and go to any of your other shops when you went to the entertainment quarter? Yeah, because I had to buy a hat because it was a crazy hat outing but I forgot my hat. So I went to Sports Girl and got a hat. So what kind of hat did you buy? It was very broad brimmed and sparkly. And did everybody that also wear a crazy hat? Some people forgot that there was a hat shop at the entertainment quarter that was selling baseball caps and some people went and bought those. So did everybody in the end have a hat? With the exception of Chris. Why didn't he have a hat? By the time he went to go and buy a hat from the shop it was closed. Couldn't he have made a hat? I kept suggesting that he make one out of subway paper. And so did you do it? No. Do you think it was still applicable? Sorry, do you think he really adhered to the dress code considering he didn't have a hat? Nope. So how long did you go bowling for? It took us about an hour and a half. How come you did two different activities? It was a $20 package and it sounded fun. Do you think it would have been better if you had a whole time? No, it allows everyone to do different things. And so how did you win? I performed under what I normally perform. My team won if we were playing teams. Do you care about winning a lot? Yes. Do you usually win? In bowling, yes. In laser tag, no. Are you a good bowler? I'm mediocre. How often do you go bowling? Not very often. And why didn't your group stay to have dinner together? We were all busy in the evening. Every single person? Well, not everyone, but a lot of people. What about for the people that didn't have any plans? They went home. Did you feel bad that they didn't have to do those? No. And did everybody have a good time? Yes. Were there any incidents when you were at the bowling or laser tag place? No, someone broke their shoe. They went and bought a new pair. How did they break their shoe? I think putting it back on after bowling. Were they being really aggressive? No. Was it quite a stoop? It was like a thong, sandal-y thing. So where did they find another shoe? One of the shops in the entertainment quarter. Were they open until that late? Yes. How come the hat shop was closed? It was part of the market. Did you hurt any of the children when you were in the laser tag? No. Were they much younger than you? Yes, they were about ten. Were the other two teams a bit too aggressive with the children? No. Were the children okay losing? We couldn't really tell. Were they having fun when they were playing first? I think so. Were they happy to be first at the late hit? No. Yes, they seemed really keen to attack us. Were you attacking them? Mostly they just stood still while we stood behind them and shot them a lot. Do you think you were a little bit aggressive with your opposing team that you did know? No. Why don't you usually win at laser tag? I'm easily spooked. Has there ever been an incident when you've been at laser tag? I don't think so. Has anybody ever gotten hurt? No. Did anybody get hurt when you were at laser tag? Nope. What about when bowling? Nope. Was there an incident where the bowling ball fell on somebody? Not that I remember. Somebody's hand got into the machine? Nope. Have you ever been injured while... Nope. Have you ever dropped a ball? Yeah, but not onto anybody. Have you damaged or other laying before? Nope. Okay, I'm going to ask you a series of questions and I want you to answer no comment. Okay. How many games of bowling did you play? No comment. What was your favourite game? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. That's not a bowling comment or an injury answer that I know of. No comment. How long was the last time you played? No comment. Did you go bowling? No comment. How long have you been bowling for? No comment. How long were you playing laser tag for? No comment. Where did you find out about the deal? No comment. Is this deal usually on? No comment. How did the group travel to the activity that day? No comment. Did everybody catch a public transport? No comment. When's the last time you've been bowling? No comment. Have you been to a place before? No comment. Can you bowl well? No comment. Where else have you been bowling before? No comment. Do you usually go bowling? No comment. When is the next time you're going to see that group again? No comment. Did you prefer laser tag? No comment. How many times did you play laser tag? No comment. Who were the people that you met with that night? No comment. Did any of your group get injured? No comment. How old were the group you were with? No comment. So where was the place to laser tag? No comment. Was it far away from the ball base? No comment. How did you get home that night? No comment. Did you catch public transport? No comment. What car were you driving? No comment. How many people actually came to the event? No comment. Were there some that bailed at the last minute? No comment. Did everybody wear a crazy hat? No comment. What kind of hats did people wear? No comment. Where did you have ice cream? No comment. What flavour did you have? No comment. How many flavours were there at Taco Bell? No comment. Why didn't you want to stay with the rest of the group that night? No comment.