 Saturday I woke up, had some breakfast, fuzzed around on the computer a bit, and then I went into Newtown to meet my mum and sister for lunch. And we went to Max Baron and had hot chocolate first, and then we went to a Vietnamese restaurant in Newtown that was quite nice, I've never been to it before, called Rice Paper. And after that, my mum and my sister went back home, and I stayed around in the city. So I went shopping, I went to T2, and I bought some new tees in Newtown. And then I went to Bondi Junction, and I bought some cheap business clothes for my audit party on Thursday at work, where we dress up in audit gear. So I needed to buy some business-type clothes that were cheap. And then I went to the library at uni and wasted about an hour there reading a book. And then I went to my friend Soph's place and met some people there, and we decided to get drunk and bake things, as you do. We had burgers for dinner, and then we went shopping for our ingredients to bake things. And we impulse-bought bacon and decided to put candied bacon on top of our baked goods. We made a chocolate cake with chocolate icing and put candied bacon on top of it. And candied bacon is pretty much the most amazing tasting thing ever, if you like bacon. Which, you know, we all did, which was good. I kind of failed at the getting drunk thing, though. Soph and Jen... No, not Soph. Jen and Beagle managed to get drunk, but I couldn't drink enough in a short enough period of time to actually get drunk. But there is still a video of, you know, everyone else being drunk and me cooking. And we also made brownies that kind of failed a little bit. We burnt them, because the oven was really not hot enough. And then we forgot about them after. Turning the alarm on for like 10 minutes, several. It was 10 extra minutes, several times. Um, and then we just sat around and ate chocolate cake with candied bacon on it with forks. And then I went to sleep. 8.30. Uh, on a Saturday, yes. Probably around 7.30. I had breakfast and I played around on the computer. An hour? So, I had to get there for 12.30, which meant that I would have had to leave around 11.20. 11.20? Uh, got ready, had a shower, got dressed. Pardon? Uh, possibly? And, oh, I ate breakfast and played on the computer and then I had a shower. Uh, that's where my mum met us. So, and then I was actually late because the bus was late and I missed the train. So, my mum and sister had a hot chocolate first and they ordered me one as well while they were waiting for me. It was the spiced Mexican one. It was spicy. No, I normally either get a Sakeo or I get the Italian thick hot chocolate. I normally get dark. I like dark chocolate better. Uh, I've had the milk one before. I don't believe in white chocolate. I don't think it should exist because it's a little bit stupid. It doesn't actually have any cocoa solids in it. They, um, they use the oils. I don't remember. Yes, I just don't like it. And it's not real chocolate. It's like a white confectionary, not chocolate. Yep. I ordered a prawn thing with vermicelli. Rice vermicelli. Uh, yeah, I finished all the prawn, but not all the noodles and salad that came with it. Well, there were only like two big-ish prawn things. And that was, you know, the meat of the meal. Uh, but there was, there were quite a lot of noodles in there. No, my mom took it home. I think I just had water. Yep. We had water. No. About an hour. Yeah. Oh, so they were going back home, but I had to, well, I was meeting people at six. So I hang around in the city instead of spending an hour and no, two and a half hours traveling. Uh, in Newtown. By the city, I just mean not in Engleburn. It's technically the inner west. Uh, no, I went to Bondi Junction though. I caught two trains. So I caught a train from Newtown to Central and a train from Central to Bondi Junction. I went to Target to buy, yep. Yep. Yeah. Not any like black business skirts. Uh, black business skirt and a white shirt. Cause I don't have very many white shirts. Nope. I didn't think about it. Uh, so on my phone at the moment, I have, um, a brief history of time by Stephen Hawking, which I've been reading about a week when I can. I generally read on the train because it takes me a while to get anywhere. Yeah. Yes. Oh, right. Yes. Okay. Yes. No comments. No comments, no comment, no comment, Commissioney, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment. No comment.