 I don't even know. What normally happens on Mondays? Do you get up? Yeah, and I'd class at some point. I'd class... 12 till 3. Okay. Monday was too long ago for me to remember. Do you have any dogs in the morning? I don't think so. No, I probably woke up around 7.30, left the house at 8.30, got to uni around 10, 10.30. Then I would have gone to work, worked for a couple of hours, then had class 12 till 3 for... Oh no, I skipped my class. I remember. Okay, so I had my volunteer newsletter to go out at work, which I normally prepare in the week beforehand, but we were auditing clubs. So I had to do it all on Monday. So instead of going to my class, I kept working on the newsletter. I didn't really want to work on the newsletter, so I was procrastinating a lot. I didn't actually get it all done either. So I just worked on the newsletter for most of the day, and then at 6 I went to the White House, and I had drinks there with Matt and Eric and Nellie, and Chung was there, which was good. And then at about quarter to 8, I went to the REG and went to trivia with my friends. I became fourth in trivia, which was good, because the week beforehand would come last. So dead last that Miles thought we were a new team. And then after that, I went to my friend's house and crashed the night there. Pardon? I had to write a lot of copy, and it was kind of boring. Every month. Last month it was the same as normal. Oh, I just didn't feel like doing it that day. I wasn't in the mood to sit down and write a lot of words. Not especially. It's also in HTML, so I'm one of the few people in the office who understand HTML. Everyone else in the office is also really busy with everything that they have to do. Yes. It's the start of session, so we have a lot of things happening. Arts Week is coming up. Clubs are being annoying, as usual. Yep. Because we all work with different programs and with different clubs. Not this year. It was decided at the start of the year that it would be part of my job. All of the student development offices in collaboration with our supervisor. Because I have the web and technology position, and it's a web-based newsletter. It's a student development thing, not a marketing thing. Not really. It would take a lot to teach somebody else how to do it. It would be easier just for me to continue to do it for the rest of the year. Except for the interview. Previously it was Jeeves, but he's handing that over to Ed. Yep. Well, it's not really a transcript. It's a one-sided interview. But I edited it as well. No one has enough time. And I like to personalise the newsletter as well, just so that people might actually open it. We get about 35% of people opening the emails, which is fairly good. We have stats on the mail stuff that we use. It's less opening it that we hear about. It's more about the content. It's less opening it that we hear about, and more people actually clicking links to the stuff that we're talking about. And that rate is quite low. I think people just skim through it and don't really read about some of the stuff that we're talking about. Well, again, personalising the emails a bit more. Hopefully get them to actually read it and connect with the person who's writing it. I think that's a big thing in actually getting people to read about what's happening at uni. Yes. If I know the person, I suppose, more. Yeah. Then you know it's a real person behind it. It kind of, yeah. I don't think so. It's this style of newsletter as well. It's all about the volunteering events on campus. So it is kind of something that you want to hear about from a person. Not just, I don't know what else you get newsletters about. Oh, there's not a big introduction. There's just a, hi I'm this person. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. you