 Let me think for a second. I woke up at around 7 and then I had some juice and I don't think I had any breakfast and well I probably slept in a bit so I probably actually got about 7.30. Then I went on the computer, then I had a shower and got dressed, then I went to uni, I got to uni around 10 and I had a meeting about the volunteer army newsletter so I was teaching somebody how to actually send that out. We didn't actually finish that in our meeting though. Then I had lunch at 11am because in my office that's when we get hungry. Then I had class from 12 to 3. At 3pm I went back to the office and finished sending out the newsletter and I trained the new receptionist on how to use the club's info spreadsheet and I updated the ARC website as well and responded to a few emails. And then at 6 I left work and I went to the White House and I had a double gin and tonic with lime juice and I also had a chorizo wrap and I was at the White House with Eric and Nelly and Shavanna and some other people. Josh Wood was there and oh Bethany Pillay was there. That was probably about it. And then at about 7.30 I went to the READ for READ's trivia and met up with some of my friends from computing there and we came dead last in trivia, really embarrassingly. Miles actually when he read out the last place position said, oh this must be a team doing their debut and we've been there since trivia started. And then we stayed at the READ until about 11 and then I went back to my friend's place and put together a slide show for my AGM today and then we stayed up chatting and I went to bed around 12.30. I didn't feel inspired by any of the food. Not when I first wake up. I feel hungry about an hour or two hours after I wake up. No because we had lunch at 11. Yep. Well, my alarm went off at 7. I didn't get out of bed until 11.30. About an hour and a half but the train was late. The train being late, public transport is terrible. Just one train. I catch a bus to the train station and then a bus from the train station to uni. Two buses. A bus, a train and then a bus. So in the morning it's either the 872 or the 870 or the 874 and then to uni I catch the 891. Is it 8? No, Interline. It's the local bus company in South West Sydney. It goes from MacArthur, Campbelltown all the way to Liverpool. So what route did you take? The 891. And what bus does it take? Does it go by it? No. So you catch it from Eddy Avenue at Central and it goes down some streets and ends up on Anzac Parade. Is? Not off the top of my head. No. No. Why? It doesn't, oh maybe it does turn left. It may turn onto Elizabeth Street. It goes up High Street, yes. 15 minutes. What's the longest? In Shrewsbury. What's the longest? In traffic, up to 25. Do you listen to your drive time? Yes. Today or on Monday? Yes. I was late because the train was late. Was it? The train was about 10 minutes late. What time? Oh, I was about 10 minutes late to uni. The first bus I catch or the second bus I catch? The second. The second bus, they come every couple of minutes. What's the time? I didn't check the timetable. And what about take time? In total? In? In total, 15 minutes. So, 10 minutes, why? Because the train was late. But if you had time? Because the train only comes every half an hour. How do you get off on the bus? Which bus? The second. Gate 2. Why? Because I work in the blockhouse. So, where do you walk? I get off the bus at Gate 2, I cross the road, I walk past the village and through the car park behind the law building, I enter through the side gate of the beer garden in the roundhouse, then walk through the roundhouse up the stairs and into my office. Yeah. Did you wake up at 13 minutes? No comment. What route did you take to go to uni? No comment. No comment. Where is your office located? No comment. What were you doing on the website? No comment. What did you have to do? No comment. What meeting did you have yesterday? No comment. Do you often have meetings? No comment. How many questions were there? No comment. How many people? No comment. Do you have a good knowledge of jets? No comment. How do you eat at a beach? No comment. When was the last time you were there? No comment. How come you went to the beach when you weren't supposed to? No comment. What train did you fly to Otah, Jamestown, Hamilton, Worcester, Manchester, Edinburgh, Manchester City, Manchester City? No comment. How long were you at Whitehall? No comment. How long was it before the lockdown? No comment. How long were you at Whitehall? comment week.