 Okay, so I woke up at 7.30 and then I had some juice and had a shower and got dressed and left for uni at 8.30 and I got to uni at about 10 o'clock. Now police cars everywhere! And I went to work for a bit and had a lot of emails to reply to and then I had lunch at work and then after lunch I went to the O-Week office and I did some study there and then at 5.30 I had a meeting with Will and Rob so that we could discuss what we're going to send out in our double squad email. We didn't finish that until about 7, after 7 I think we emailed that and then I went home and I didn't get home until about 9 and then I ate dinner and read for a little bit and then went to bed. No, I don't like to eat in the mornings, I don't feel hungry. Dinner, probably would have been about 7. I ate when I got to uni, about 10. I had a ham and no I had a cheese and tomato croissant. No, I bought it at uni. I was also really cold so I wanted some warm food. Yes. Why were there so many police? Apparently they were arresting two armed robbers. Were you involved? No. That's what the news reports have said. Do you know anything? Not really, no. And why were the robbers? Apparently they drove into campus. I've heard that because it's a federal land, local police need special permission before they can enter the campus. What are you invited to? Apparently federally owned. Are there other places? I think apparently all universities. So what kind of permission do they need? Apparently they need permission off federal police. So was there federal police? Not that I saw, I just saw a couple of police cars. So how did you find out that they needed? Someone told me about why it would be a good idea to drive into a university if you were trying to avoid the police. That's why though? I don't know. What else did you hear about the story? Well everyone at uni yesterday thought it was a drug bust until it was mentioned in news reports that it was actually armed robbers. How do you know it actually wasn't a drug bust? Well I'm just going by what the media reports have said. Are the media reports ever wrong? Yeah. Do you think there's a lot of information that works? I think the police need to hide operational information. So all the robbers caught? I have no idea. Were you scared to think that something like this would happen? Particularly. And so were the police captured? I think it happened earlier. So was it at the time that you were traveling? It would have been, I'm assuming. Are you sure you were actually traveling to uni? Yes. No. Police? No. Is it future now that university would do this? No. When you say other police, does that mean they also? I have no idea. No idea. Two or three lectures worth? How much did you want? More than that. There was a lot to deal with at work before I could start studying. It comes and goes. Was it serious? I won't be in much this week so I wanted to do a couple of hours. I needed to get some study done because I had a meeting. I don't like to stay up too late. Around 11? It's about normal. 6.45. I like to get between 7 and 8. I was getting a lift at the station and my mum was leaving earlier. So were you studying in your? Today? No, I was studying in the O-Week office. I'd probably get distracted by work. I'm less likely to have Outlook open. I can avoid doing that. Why did it take you so long? I think we were also having a lot of fun. And were you very satisfied with that? Yeah. What did you have for dinner? Salmon. Snow peas and potato and sweet potato and something else. No, that was it. Did you prepare dinner? No, my mum did. Yes, I was out late. Are you usually? Not that late. In the week? Not often. Would this be a meal that? I prefer not to work with fish. Fish is okay. It's not my favourite. I think it was pan grilled. Can I ask you a type of question? No comment. When did you travel to uni today? No comment. When was the last time you were on campus? No comment. Have you ever been caught by the police before? No comment. Can you drive a car? No comment. Whereabouts in Sydney have you travelled? No comment. Where have you travelled overseas? No comment. Who did you meet with in the evening yesterday? No comment. How long did it take you to draft an email? No comment. When was the last time that you went to your office? No comment. Do you usually do work from home? No comment. How many items did you buy? No comment. Did you buy? No comment. Do you like? No comment. Did you go out yesterday in the night? No comment. Who did you meet with? No comment. Who did you have dinner with? No comment. No comment. How many times have you? No comment. What would you have preferred to? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.