 Sure, I can talk to you for as long as you like. Send my invoice. Starting from the time I woke up, I got out of bed, had my breakfast, believe it was Wheat Bix that morning, but I did empty like half a banana onto it. I don't like full bananas on my breakfast. It's a bit too much, but half a banana's a good size. And I get really worried that no one's gonna finish the other half, so I often do end up finishing the other half. Then I got in the car, drove to uni, been through why I drive to uni. I had a nine o'clock start, and I got there, I think about two or three minutes to nine. I was pretty happy with myself. But then I realized that in actual fact, their class had been moved. It was a combined JD undergraduate class because there was a speaker from the Office of the Legal Services Commissioner coming to speak, and it was all up in civil. So I was sprinting up Main Walkway. Didn't get there, literally didn't get there for another six or seven minutes. So it was the first time I thought, I really wanted to be on time for this class because I walk in late every single time. And I wasn't again. So I had this guest lecture. It wasn't too bad. It was mainly, I don't think it was particularly useful for the sort of things that I would want to be taking out of that course. But it was kind of fun to sit through. It was anecdotal, mostly just the assistant commissioner telling stories about lawyers who had been pretty bad in their practices, had been reported to them. And I had a three hour break, part of which I saw a girl from, sat in the lawn from the law building, wrote an email following up from an interview that I had earlier that week. And don't recall what I did with the other part of that three hour block. Then at two o'clock I had my property law lecture, which wasn't too bad. I answered a few of the lecturer's questions, asked my name, had forgotten it. And then I drove home, had a nap, and then was late to the dinner that I was gonna have, but ended up beating the people to dinner. So it was really weird because I'd said that I was apologizing profusely for being late and not being able to meet up on time. Then I finally found this little Japanese sushi restaurant that we had dinner at. And then they rocked up like five hours. I was like, whatever. But it was really fun. There were six people there, including myself. People I hadn't really seen for a long time, got a good catch up. One of the girls was a bit sick. And she was, I think, doing pretty well, given how, what a convalescent she's been over this last week and a half. But I really hope that she does start to feel better soon. And then I went home quite early, 9.30. I missed the bus, the bus that I was hoping to catch. We was having such a great time talking. Ended up watching this construction work on Clarence Street while I was waiting for the next bus. And I teach a construction class, but God, how unsafe some of these practices were. I thought I'd be a bit overly prudish because we're taught at university, it's like safety, safety, safety. You must follow these guidelines. But what they were doing on this site was ridiculous. Big boulders being lifted up over the heads of people who weren't wearing any protective gear. And all the movements were really quick. And they just missed hitting things every single time. And I was really freaked out watching it. Then I hadn't got home. My parents were watching second-rate BBC crime drama. Had a little chat with them, had an early night. It was good. It's my Friday, marginally. That's a really interesting psychological question. I think you'd be best referred to my counselor, my psychiatrist. I think it's really tied in with my perception of this particular class and my perception of university, where I'm at in my life, a whole bunch of different factors that would probably, probably don't fully understand myself. Always in terms of like throughout my life or always in terms of for this particular element of my life, like this one class. While I was at the dinner, which I mentioned before, I was, I think I was late for one other class and I was late to meet my girlfriend. So three times in the last week. Might've been more occasions, but I don't remember them. I don't recall saying that. Yep. Yes. I believe so. Yep. Yeah, I think so. Well, it's interesting that leaving half an hour earlier would probably only make me about 10 minutes earlier arriving because of the way the traffic flows at that time. I can leave my place. I really, I have been recently leaving, leaving about 25 past eight, taking about 25 minutes, sometimes 30 minutes to drive in, finding a park within that timeframe and then walking in being like a couple minutes past the hour and it's been working out really well. Sometimes, yes. I think it makes the two hour block go quicker. Yeah, that's why, isn't it? No, I mean, I'm not wholly satisfied, but I think there's, I mean, it's my part of my ritual, my routine, and there's a bit of an apathy towards changing that. That is a very good question. I think I might've left on the bench, but it didn't detract from my anxiety about it. So what happened to it? Possibly my mother ate it, which is good at finishing things off like that. I think she spends her life just going around, like doing nice things for me. Because at that stage in the morning, I've just woken up, I've just had a coffee, and I'm like, ah, not so good. Early mornings mean I don't mix so well. And I don't feel like, I want some carbohydrate, so I have my Weet-Bix, and I want some fruit and some other supplements, but I just don't feel like I can stomach the whole amount. Some bananas are pretty big. They're quite messy. When you've cut a banana open, it is quite, quite messy. I don't wanna, that would be a very sensible thing to do. I just firstly don't make my own lunch. So I'm ill-practiced in doing kitchen things, domestic things in the morning. I don't know how I'd survive for how long. Sometimes there are occasional mornings where, God forbid, I've had to make my own lunch. Yeah, generally I can hunt, or gather, and forage. But no, my mother does do a lot of things for me. Does keep me on the path, sure. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment no comment, no comment, no comment. No, the wolf has fallen. Why are you still up? Why are you still up? Why are you still up? Why are you keeping your eyes open? Why are you looking down every morning? Why are you waking up every morning? Why are you waking up every morning? Yeah, this is just, echoing from what's happening in my head.