 I'm ready for your questions now. Okay, no comment. What did I do this morning? I set my alarm for nine o'clock, at which point I felt absolutely miserable and tired because my cat had been meowing incessantly at my door early that morning, and so I hadn't got a lot of sleep. I've been, it'd been like disturbed sleep. So I snoozed, not once, not twice. No, I did snooze, I snoozed twice, and then I slept for a few minutes more, but didn't get to the third snooze. So I woke, I emerged from my bed, from my chambers, as I like to refer to them, at about 9.23 this morning. I stumbled out, I got my mom and me squeezing some orange juice, which we purchased from the farmer's market, and I made some tea for her and myself. I got my cereal together. It was different cereal to the cereal I usually have. It was some terrible Coles muesli, which I wouldn't recommend to you. And preceding that, I read the paper for a little bit. I read an article about how Mr. Abbott had some positive things said about Mr. Beasley. And then I went to, I was headed to have a shower, and I left home at 10.30, which was a little bit later than I would have liked, but I still got into uni and parked my car by eight minutes to 11. It had only taken 22 minutes to get in because there wasn't any traffic this morning. It was very good, but I did park the furthest I've ever parked away, which is basically the golf course. And then I walked into uni. When I was walking into uni, I put my phone on, I changed the caller ID of my phone to be, so it would appear as blocked when someone received the phone call. And I rang my girlfriend who was applying for the orientation week program. I pretend to be the coordinator of the orientation week program, ringing her up, saying there was a mistake and to disregard the earlier call that she had received, saying that she was in the program. She believed that it was the coordinator for about the first 10 seconds of the phone call, which was absolutely remarkable. Met her on the main walkway, and she gave me a friendly hit. And then raced up to my meeting, which I was about 10 minutes late for. Rocked up at 10 past 11. The Coles muesli tasted like cardboard. Tasted like styrofoam, but I presume it isn't styrofoam. There were definitely some berries, some dried berries in there. I'm not sure how to describe the grain, but some of them were a bit similar to cornflakes in appearance and texture, I don't recall. I presume it was the pieces of substance that I was referring to that seemed much like cornflakes. Interesting choice for muesli. I'd say they're usually oats and muesli. They're usually bran, probably a bigger variety of fruit in the muesli that I have. Well, I don't usually have one, but the one that I have more frequently when I am having muesli is, I don't know exactly what it's called, what brand it is, my mom. I imagine price, no, because it tastes like cardboard. Well, I imagine she probably finds it quite bearable. She bought it, not that I'm aware of. Perhaps, I think she's someone who's very swayed by, oh, we can save 29 cents. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.