 Okay, I woke up on Saturday. Oh, let's see, it must have been about half past seven, which was far too early for any mortal. And I was getting hassled. I started with my breakfast. It was not particularly, I wasn't feeling like a big breakfast. I just had some yogurt and tea. And then I started reading the paper. And then I got hassled by my dad all that time. Like, oh, isn't your friend coming? Isn't your friend coming to pick you up? Isn't he coming to pick you up soon? I think my dad was worried that he would, in his pajamas, have to entertain my friend who was going to be driving me into the University of Sydney. So anyway, it's all good. Got ready about 20 to nine. This dude rocks up in his little bright red car that he's just bought. I think it's the most emasculating car, but we won't tell him that because he's really proud of it, on his little P plates. And we drove into the University of Sydney. Apparently he just discovered a particle. He's just been in the United States researching in chemistry and just discovered this particular pathway, which shows that something is possible. Anyway, he was really happy. And we talked about that all through the car ride. And then we got arrived at Discipline of Accounting office and picked up these exams, went and distributed them and set up this exam room. Everyone compliments UCEDA on having these lovely grounds. Their teaching spaces are appalling. Absolute disgrace. So we crammed in 113 students into a room that really should have only seated about 60. So there were people sitting in exams, literally about the same space. They had the space at this booth with people doing the same exam, exactly the same exam, just next to them on the same benches. Three to a bench about two meters wide, less than two meters wide. It was an absolute joke. So we had an interesting time supervising that one. There were two people in a room of 114, 113 students. They were all literally snuggling up next to one another and they could sit wherever they wanted to sit next to their friends, all that. So we went through that. We got through it. Only couple of people we had to report, which isn't a bad haul for one of those high stress exams. Apparently, it's the thing that all the students fail. So we had one in the morning, one in the afternoon. At four o'clock, I went home, absolutely dead, slept for an hour and a half and then went back to this guy's house. His dad's the professor of this subject. Went back to his house for a dinner, which was really nice. The food was delicious. Entree of these cheeses, they were like camembert in fig, drizzled in like olive oil. There was all sorts of different, there were goat's cheeses, there were lovely, it was very, very lovely. Entree, there was a lamb tagine. I don't know if it'd be kind of couscous, but the main was very nice. The dessert was these beautiful tarts and it was delicious. And then the mother of my friend, who I've known for many years, took me into a room and showed me this video of her mother, whom I stayed with several years ago and broke and healed for a couple of weeks with, who is 80 years old and has just been skydiving for the first time. It was incredible. And that, I suppose, was my Saturday. I was pretty impressed by this video. I had a lunch sometime in the middle of the day between the two exams. The mother had actually packed me like a school lunch. No comment. Well, I was a bit concerned. I was thinking that my blood sugar levels would drop quite a bit during the exam, but it actually turned out to be quite all right. I had intended to have a banana before I went to the exam, but it was fine in the end. I got through to 12 o'clock. I just don't think that adequately provide the right sort of facilities. Yeah, I believe so. The people I had to report, there were two in particular. One was furiously writing about three minutes after the time had finished. So we were collecting papers and she was still writing. She put her pens down, she put her pen down and then was writing, picked it up and started writing again while we were collecting papers. And we were like, no way. The other dude we had to report, I think it was a pretty similar thing, but I'm sure there were people sitting next to each other that were looking on and had very similar answers. It's pretty difficult and you need to be, before you start alleging these things, you need to be fairly certain. You have to really see it at least twice before you can actually do something. That's very, very blatant. There were people, so what we do when we identify people who were a bit suspicious, you'd go and you'd spend quite a bit of time hanging around them and sort of hovering around that area. And usually that's enough to make them stop. And if you're still concerned, what you do is you go and go over to them, make eye contact with them and then look at and observe their student card for a bit and put it back. They usually get freaked out enough to stop the behavior. It was disorganized, I think. My friend's dad, you'd have to ask him. Pardon? Well, yeah, that'd usually be the way that I would conduct an exam, but these people hadn't employed that system because they're used to it and they're living in the 1960s. Probably not more than 25%. I think it probably was okay. It wasn't ideal. I was so impressed. The fact that I would have reservations about jumping out of a plane, I probably would find it difficult to bring myself skydiving. There's this woman who's been through, who thought she was gonna die about five years ago with some particular illness, recovered, is walking regularly, is making the most of life, happy as Larry. Besides, if I go, if I have a heart attack on the way down, whatever. If not, great. Not especially. I went through a period where I really did wanna skydive, but then I think I realized that it would be a really great experience, but maybe not for me. No, no, I haven't skydived, but I've sort of changed my position about whether I'd like to or not. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.