 On Saturday, oh, I don't remember back that far. What did I do on Saturday? Do you want to think what I did on Friday night? Well, that's right, we had a power outage on Friday night. And I was going to go out, but I ended up not going out. And so I just, we went out to this terrible Vietnamese meal. So got home, wasn't too late, but stayed up working. So I think I just slept in on Saturday morning. I woke up, I changed my routine a little bit because my dad said that he was having some friends over and that he wanted me to mow the lawns if possible. So I spent time between my waking up AM and when lunch was mowing the front lawns. I think I'm a bit filthy. Had some lunch, it's a usual Saturday lunch. Wrote an application for an engineering internship. Didn't quite finish it, which is very disappointing, that's carried over into Sunday. I really don't recall much what I did on Saturday. I think there's those internship applications that take so much longer than you think they're going to take. So I filled probably most of that afternoon with that. I had a couple of correspondences with my girlfriend. We ended up going to different events on Saturday night. I was trying to get out of the house before my parents' friends had arrived. I didn't quite make it. I was still trapped in the shower when they came in, so that was very awkward. But got out of the house, went to one of my squaddies' 21st, which was a good night, and that was really all I did. I suspect I initially woke up, I set my alarm quite ambitiously, but I don't think I emerged from my bed, my bedroom, until about 10.30. Oh, boy, 9.30, because I think that I generally wake up quite a bit earlier during the week and I like to get out of that cycle. Does vary, but there are at least a couple of days in the week where I wake up before 7, because the grass was long and it was a bit unkempt. My dad doesn't like unkempt, because I think that he feels that it's my responsibility. I don't do much around the house, and that's one thing that I think they like to give to me to do. My mum squeezes me orange juice in the morning, makes my bed, packs me lunch. I really don't do anything around the house. I think I go through cycles. I think I'm generally a little bit anal about neatness and certain organisational things, but when I'm tired or there's a bit of apathy towards something, I can let things spread out, like clothes can be strewn around my floor and I won't see anything wrong with that. Did I say it was filthy? It was, because in winter, the grass grows a lot more slowly than in summer. So in summer, you might be mowing it every two weeks, whereas in winter, because you don't have to mow as often, it allows for lots of damp leaves to gather and collect and allows for certain things to spring up, certain shoots to crop. I think because of that, I'd associate it with filth or not particular tidiness. I edge the lawn, I mow the lawn, cut around the brickwork and sweep the path, but I generally classify that as just mowing. I didn't really have to do any of that. I'm very lazy when it comes to that sort of thing. I just mow over it and hope that it doesn't grow back, which it invariably does. There's a number of ways of varying cost and time options. There are many chemical ways of doing it, which I'm not particularly fond of. A, it's very healthy, or B, it's very good for the garden. We're learning about the effect on that on water supply at the moment. We have some serious issues in the future with that. But generally, you're meant to spend the time to manually extract them, including the roots and everything. There weren't too many weeds. There were a few shoots from one of the big trees that were growing up in many places. Because personally, I have high priorities in my day. I don't think that removing a few weeds to make the lawn a little bit more aesthetically pleasing is a good use of my time. It was reasonably big. What we usually do on Saturday lunch is my mom goes to Haberfield, into the Italian Quarter, and brings back lots of ciabattas, lots of different breads. There's ham, there's salami, there's olives, there's cheese, there's fresh salad produce. And so I just pick things and add them to my plate and it all goes. So I'm not sure exactly how, I'm not sure I can quantify it, but it was larger than my average lunch. Yeah, I think that it's sometimes nice during winter to have something warm as opposed to the cold meats and cheese and olives. But yeah, I do enjoy it. Occasionally, they do. There's maybe some soups or some pastas heated up. But I think my dad's a big fan of it. Over the weekend, just the one. This one wasn't too bad. I had one recently that was an absolute shocker that required all of these extended response questions that had to be handwritten. But this one was just your CV, cover letter, academic transcript. I think there were two more substantive questions about why you wanted to work for the company and it's an awful question to describe yourself. But there's a lot of extra information that it required. Actually, it required you to enter manually your academic transcript with the results in the subject. It required you to give availabilities and all that sort of thing. It just takes time. This particular one I was, I had some very, very professional, I had some excellent recruitment material. They obviously put a lot of effort into their brochures and their graduate pages and their websites. But then I heard some comments by a friend about what they'd heard from another friend who'd worked there about the culture within the company. That put me off quite a bit. No, I don't. But it obviously, there'd been so much effort put into it. It was the most, the biggest compendium of different like colour photos and graduate stories that I've ever seen from one of these companies that I thought that they would obviously care about getting in their grads and their undergraduates and the vacation work, which was as much as you can judge these things by. I have spoken to one who was actually my tutor for one of my subjects last year and she seemed to be very positive about it. But again, reps from companies. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.