 Okay, um, starting from the time I woke up on Saturday, I had a bit of amnesia. Um, I think I woke up quite late on Saturday. Trying to remember what I did on Friday night and wonder if that was the case. But I woke up quite late on Saturday. I didn't have breakfast, but I had a cup of tea because lunch was almost ready. And I've been to Happifill, we had a nice lunch. I think I had something warm on that day. I think I had some heated up. It was some soup as well as the usual lunch that we have. And then the rest is totally a blur because I don't recall much of what was happening through the afternoon. I think that I may have done some uni work. I may have been reading some board papers for the ARC board, which I was appointed to later in the week, which was really cool. And then I went over to Bondi and watched the rugby with her. Oh, on Saturday afternoon, I went to visit a friend in hospital because she was sick while you're in hospital, usually. And that's why I couldn't remember it. And then I went to, my parents went out, I sat at home and we had dinner. And then at about 10.30, we went over to Bondi to watch rugby and eat ice cream and drink beer. And it was fun. Got to catch up with an old friend. Probably got in about one o'clock. Wasn't too late. That wasn't really short. Probably around 10.45, maybe 11. It's definitely AM. Presumably. I don't think I went to bed particularly late on Friday. It might've been 12-ish. I really don't recall what I did on Friday. No, no, no. My mom goes to Haberfield, hunts and gathers, brings back lots of small goods. Slipes and salamis and fresh bread and cake. I think it was probably a reasonable size. I wouldn't want to be locked in to saying it was big, but it might've been of a large quantity. I suppose you could say that given that I didn't eat a substantial meal in the morning. I don't think I had anything before that. So I suppose given the first meal of the day, it might've been classified as a breakfast. But I think it was, given what I was eating, it was more of a lunch type. It had a lunch type atmosphere to it. My quantities fluctuate quite significantly. I think it was indicative of the typical quantity that I might enjoy for a lunch. They were old minutes of the board. Just trying to get my head around some of the issues that are currently before the board and the history of some of the issues, which seem to be cropping up and recurring on an ongoing basis and haven't been satisfactorily resolved. This is even, this is like two years ago. Ah, no delicate way of putting this. I think there are some structural issues and some personality issues with some of the people who sit on the board. Not at all. I see it as a personal development experience. I see it as a way of being able to learn how to deal with quite challenging board situations and the dynamics of having a group of fuckwits in a room together disagreeing. I think people see them take themselves too seriously and get too caught up in minor, minor sort of sideshow issues without being able to see the bigger picture a lot of the time and take a disagreement with their particular point of views as an ad hominem attack. And they get quite stubbornly boxed into camp, which spills out in these board meetings. I just, I just think an atmosphere of collegiality and collaboration needs to be developed. I think a lot of the issues need to be discussed in more calmer environments before these meetings and people need to sort of be well on top of the issues before they go into the meetings in order to be able to reach a greater consensus. Oh, you couldn't. It really comes down to what the directors want to take from their initiative. I imagine so. I imagine I'll be playing the minor of minor roles. Yeah, it's only for the remainder of a term, which is about 15 months expired. So I think, I think that it's, it's a short, a short burst, really great experience training as a director, a director induction and experience reading balance sheets, experience looking at the different performance indexes of companies. I think really valuable experience going into consulting engineering, for example. Nine months? Yeah, I mean, ideally I would have preferred a bit longer, but the way the election turned out a couple of months ago wasn't favorable and consequently I had time to work on a few other things. This one got cut a bit short by Telfer because one of the sitting board members wanted to change it up a little bit and they resigned because I was the second placed, I was the runner up in the recent elections and the constitution of this particular company states that within four months the board must appoint the next place electee. And beyond four months the board got discretion, but I imagine typically it would be a strong to put it to the person that comes second in the election. No comment.