 on Sunday. I was so impressed on Sunday. I was very impressed with myself. Even though I'd been reading quite late the night before, I woke up before my alarm woke me up. I was very, very impressed. I was out having breakfast, reading the paper, then my alarm starts going off, my dad's like, what's that? What's that noise? He said, his words were, what's that ruckus? And so, I thought it was a good start to the day. It was a beautiful day. I started off by trying to finish off my tax return that I still haven't completed. And got to the point where I really couldn't because I didn't, we have this accountant who manages our family trust and goes on like, this time every year, goes on like a month's holiday in Europe, which is the most frustrating thing when I'm sort of delayed and completing my tax return and it just gets extended out and that, so I couldn't complete. So it was very frustrating. It sort of took off the good edge of the day. Like I'd already gotten out of bed before my alarm, but then I managed to get rid of all of the insurance that's being charged on all of my super accounts, which I'd never done before. Never realized that until I get all these letters saying, actually your account balance is now about a fraction of what it should be. But oh yeah, I'm paying $2.50 insurance for insurance a week on like every fund that I have superannuation with. So I got rid of that, except for one, which I'm waiting on some ID, UniSuperActionSemiUniD, which is really frustrating. It takes ages to get it. They can't email, why don't they just email you the ID so you can log in. So got rid of that. That was quite satisfying. Like, no, I'm not taking out insurance with you. And then, I don't know why it was in the first place. Then sort out all the finances, then started, what did I do after that? I was just doing little odd jobs, little administrative things around the house, all those things that have been banked up last week by the assessments. And then I did some gardening with my dad. We planted alyssum, I think, lots of little alyssum and some, it wasn't English lavender, it was the art of lavender, which has like the big bulbous kind of petals, which is really cool. And then my brother came over and he washed the car, which he took to Inverel last weekend and had an accident on. We needed to clean it before we took it for an assessment. Apparently he drove into a ditch because now the car was like driving on his side of the road. Pretty, pretty intense. And then I did some more, I sent an email to my class because I had a really bad tutorial last week and I had so many assessments, I wasn't prepared at all for it and I couldn't answer like a pretty big part of the question. And so I did like a mea culpa and sent an email that explained everything in like minute detail. That took about three hours to write. It was basically like explaining a tutorial in an email. And then I had a nice dinner with my brother and my family and cruised in through the email, sent out a few emails. I've got approached some honor supervisors and gonna meet with them today. They got back so quick. I sent an email out at like 5.08 saying, hi, I'm interested in myself and I was interested in the thesis topic with this person. And they emailed back in six minutes with like not an unsubstantial email. It's pretty impressive. Yes, that's my day. No, I imagine it's because they were there at that time sitting on their emails and I have a feeling this person's quite switched on. Yes, that's correct. Hard to say, I certainly think that they're the, they're looking like the people that I would like for my honors. This person, I want someone who is really on top of their game, has contacts in industry, who can set up different research for me or help me make those connections. And that is publishing respectable things themselves. Not until next year, but it's the sort of thing that you should be doing some preparation for in advance. Particularly with my internship, I could probably be doing some work there on my honors in an area of construction management. I'd probably be looking at alternative, well not necessarily alternative, but just dispute resolution within that environment, within contracts go wrong all the time in construction management. It's invariable that timelines get stretched out, there are delays, and just the process of resolving those conflicts in a way that doesn't impact negatively on the project delivery. Well, that's the thing I think that is a good way, a good element of combining, it's a way of combining those two different disciplines. I think what it really comes down to are the approaches of the different parties and understanding. I reckon it might even be more in line with psychology to be honest. It was one which was recommended by this person. They put out a list of ones that they'd be willing to take on in the next year. No comment. Because I haven't ever tested myself in that way before. I haven't ever had this massive task that's gonna take up my entire year and so much of my time. I hope so, I think a lot will hinge on my impressions of him from this meeting that I have today. Not at all, having taken a transport course is just no surprise why Sydney's public transport is the way that it is. Sydney's roads network, it is, they have cleared out the school or the discipline of transport a little bit, but certainly the lecturers that I had were not people that I would necessarily want to do an honours thesis with. I did consider structural engineering. I did consider a number of projects there, but it is very, very technical. I don't expect to go into, I intend to spend my career working in structural engineering. And as a result, I'm not sure how useful that would be. Whereas I see a good understanding of dispute resolution and elements of contracting far more transferable. I think that a lot of those topics you will find interest in when you get into some of the finer elements of it. My impression at the moment is, yeah, I think it's a great area. I am very interested in it. Whereas I'm not necessarily interested in strength testing concrete specimens for a year, but I think there'll be highs and lows with it. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.