 Sorry, starting to tell my, you're going to ask me about this. So I was trying to remember Saturday, I got up at, I can't remember when I got up. I mean like nine o'clock or something. And I, there's a lot of events in the Olympics the night before I wanted to watch and we recorded them overnight rather than staying up. So the first thing I did, I remember I had a shower and then we purposely didn't turn the TV on cause we didn't want to know what the outcome was. And then we fast forwarded through all the boring bits and we watched the events we wanted to watch. We watched the BMX finals and the diving. And we watched Steve Hooker and the pole vault lose on the first thing. So that went for like, it was really good. That was like till 1130 or something. Watch the bits you want in fast forward. And I had breakfast after that, which was really late. And what else did I do? I went to the shop at one point and then I went later in the evening. I went to the birthday party and then got home pretty late and then didn't go to bed till like 1am. That was my Saturday. It's really hard to recall. My brother and I were watching it and my mum, my dad kept coming in and out. It was just in the lounge room, like people around the house walking around. It was too late and it was like at 4am and it was all spread out. And we just wanted to watch it till we wanted to. No, not when it ruins the next day. In the morning? Oh, I stay up late at night. No, I generally go to bed before like one. Like one's late for me. If it's a uni day, I normally get up around like six to seven on the weekends. Depending on what I have to do, I can sleep into like 10 o'clock. It depends. It depends on the night before too. Oh, um, so we won silver in the BMX, which was really cool. That's what we wanted to watch for the crash mainly. And humorous is funny. No, they got proper part of the sport. No. Yes. No. No. Part of the sports dream and that's what happens. It is school sport. Like, um, we played basketball, hockey, soft cross. I can't remember more. Frisbee. Hockey can be dangerous because we played it with friends and no one knew what they were doing. It was just really fun. It wasn't intense. No. Luckily, there might've been a few bad bruises, but we were pretty gentle with each other. Kept it friendly level. Yes, it's violent. And you feel sympathetic. No, because they don't have proper like helmets and all the gear. They actually get hurt. They get balls in the head. And I know, but when it's like above the leg, you feel the pain for them. So you know how much it hurts when it's not big hit. They wear like all the helmets and wrist guards and they've proper like puff fabric for the thing. So they don't hurt themselves. Skin grazes. They never come out looking terribly. The crashes weren't that bad. Probably just the helmet. Yeah. The win was good. Actually, it weren't as many as the last Olympic, but there were like races where everyone would get wiped out and one person would have to go home. Everyone would get wiped out and one person would win and like, yeah, a bit of a Stephen Bradbury moment, which is always fun to watch. You just, it's unpredictable. That's why we like it. Hiccups in terms of people that should have won that didn't. Injuries. Yeah, there were massive ones and you just feel so sorry for them. No, like the weightlifter that had the bar fell on his head. That was horrible. Yeah. That's, that would actually hurt. Yeah. Saw a few back splats. Mm-hmm. We did, but it would hurt at the same time. We did. We felt sorry for them that they suffered. They died for their medal. Yeah. You guys did the funny side too. No. It's their dreams and the goal. A lot of the winter Olympics ones. Um, they're always good too. Just cause it's unpredictable. Uh, and sometimes watching the tennis, like the slow motors and the expressions, but that's not really injured. Yeah. Yeah. It was only like qualifying rounds. So we just fast forward it really quickly and then actually didn't get to see the f**k, but, and they only showed the Australians, which was really annoying. I can't remember cause it was qualifying. They weren't bringing out the full fancy dives yet. So, and the pole vault, which was one jump. I think they're brave jumping that high. Not on that day, but I have on other day. You feel sorry for them though, cause like the whole crowd and it's all intense and everyone's watching and you've got to have your nerve to get over. It's a mind thing. Yeah. They just run straight through. Yeah. I saw that. That was horrible. Like I thought he was gonna be like impaled on it. No, but we could, we did laugh at the fact that he wouldn't expect it to happen, but he like, he landed on his head in a really uncomfortable way. It could have been bad. It depends on the circumstances I think, and the person's attitude. And if they are seriously hurt, cause if they are, it's not funny. Carried away. It's just, it's the unpredictability of it and it's a new sport and it's not, it's not shown. It's only in the Olympics. It's the only time I get to say it with freeware TV, so. No comment, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No common. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.