 Um, so I wake up fairly early on Saturday. I was, I must've been like seven o'clock, but I kept waking up before that. Cause I was really excited about my, this birthday for my mom's 50th and my grandma's 80th, which we were supposed to be up at the Central Coast at Tarragul at four o'clock, so we knew we had to like leave at two 30 ish. And my, um, grandma was coming up from Canberra with my uncle on the morning of, and they were gonna, she's bringing her dog up, so they were going to drop by at our playhouse beforehand and then settle the dog in with our dog. Like he's stayed before and then we're going to go up, but we knew like, there was like timing issues and stuff. So, um, in the morning I, what did I do? I was helping my mom cause she had to do a lot of cooking and she was making a lot of dishes for the dinner. And then, um, we went to that. I remember we're going downstairs and looking through all the photo albums cause we were supposed to make a photo book. My, one of my aunties has organized that as a present and we hadn't done it beforehand cause we'd been busy, really busy the week before and like with assessments and cooking from Friday night and stuff, we went to bed late. And so we were like rushing through all these photo albums and grabbing all these photos and going, yeah, yeah, that looks good. And then it was my job to go down to office work to like color photocopy them so we could like arrange them nicely. And for some reason, oh, we had trouble cause we had to go pick up a present too for her on the way. And then my parents were like, well, we'll just go get the present first. And then you go, they bought her a TV. Like they tipped him and my uncle, like cause she had this big bulky one. It kept like, was hanging out over the edge and she couldn't knock her. And it was really blurry. It's from like 10 years ago. So they would go like a nice slim TV, but they hadn't bought it cause my dad hadn't been off work to go pick it out. And he's in the broadcasting industry. So he knows TVs and so, yeah, they went to do that. So I couldn't color photocopy the things till the car came back and then like it was a whole rush and then like, we had like one hour to photocopy them and come back and then arrange them. But my grandma turned up, so I had to like go in some other room and shut the door and stick it all down for her. And, um, we got away late, but we didn't really, it didn't matter because like we left when we were supposed to be there, but we knew my auntie would be behind time anyway and we called her. And she would, by the time we got there, she still hadn't cooked dinner. So it was fine. Like she wasn't, she'd rather people not there than trying to entertain and cook a meal for like 11 people. But it was really good up there. Like they had all these cakes and she went to a lot of effort and was really creative and a lot of fun. And then it was a really long day. And then we didn't leave up there till like after 11 o'clock. I had to drive all the way back to Sydney and then got home at like 1230. And then my grandma's dog was going crazy the whole time. My sister stayed at home cause she was studying and yeah, he was howling and she was trying to study and she couldn't do it and she was pretty upset. Um, went to bed at like one o'clock. That's on Sunday. Never gone from Saturday to Sunday. It was a really fun day though. It was like food had to be done the morning of cause it had to be fresh. The photos should have been done earlier. We just didn't get around to it. Cause like my mom wanted me to help, but I was at uni. I'm at uni like long days every day during the week and I had assessments and things. Um, it was probably like, it wasn't a big priority. Like I think a presence more important than some photos, but it was just something that if we had time, we did at the end. Yes. And she liked it. Uh, so like by the time we went down to Officeworks and came back, I just took like an hour, which was like really annoying when we had to do stuff. But then I spent like a couple of, maybe like two hours cutting stuff and gluing. My dad helped. He likes cutting things straight. He's good at that. Uh, someone could have, my sister's really busy at the moment with assessments. Like she couldn't even come up herself. So I wasn't, it's not fair to take up her time when she should be coming up. She could, my brother's just not interested. And like my dad was trying to help, but it was just something like we're trying to get done beforehand and mom would like to do it, but she was too busy with food and trying to get ready herself because it was her birthday too. She wanted to look nice. She made one, two, at least four. Yeah. She did the chickens and like little finger food things and one salad. We actually helped her cook it up that we all like had jobs. She was delegating like you cut these, you cook this. So it was like, it was better doing it that way. Cause we got to eat on time rather than getting later and later. It's not fair making one person do it. And she normally has her daughter help her. Her daughter's overseas at the moment. So we're aware of that. It's not fair. Oh, cause that's where she lives. That's her house and she had a big house there and she wanted to do it there. And we have a dog and my grandma has a dog and my auntie's husband's allergic to dogs and wouldn't have dogs up there. So the dog stayed at our place and we all went up there. Cause he has separation anxiety. And like my grandma left really quickly, ran in the door, like dropped him off half an hour later, was gone. And it's just like, everyone left. And my sister was left and he's like all this fun. He gets really excited, big groups. And then everyone's gone and he was devastated. Oh, he doesn't really care for my, my dog. Cause they're both male. If it was a female, maybe. She, she was really upset. Like my dog was fine. He's just placid and just goes to sleep. But Morrie kept howling and then eventually he settled down, but he kept jumping on and off her lap. And it's just distracting when she's trying to read and she couldn't really do what she stayed behind to do and she wished she came up in the end. She could have, but he just howls and we're worried that he just scraps the doors. And we don't really want to damage the doors. We just painted them. Yeah. Well, we worried about him cause like my grandma just treasures him. And it's like, we wouldn't do that to our dog. We just, yeah, they're part of the family. So we put him in the kennel as our dog and like they treat them really well though. But we do worry about him. We don't like leaving him. I think it was like an hour 15. It wasn't too bad. I don't remember cause I fell asleep. I was really tired, but I didn't think so. Cause it didn't take longer than it usually does. She loved it. She was like amazed at the effort everyone went to. And she didn't know her dog was mucking up. We didn't tell her. We didn't want to ruin the party, but everyone else knew. Yeah. She loved it too. It was really like a lot of effort they went to cause we were supposed to have it. But it's just too much going on with her. It's just too much going on with everything. So that was nice of her to take the time out, my auntie to do it. I think there were 11. So it was just like, mum's one of four kids and they're like partners. And then my grandma and my brother and me and another cousin, like all of the family wasn't invited cause all of them in Canberra and it's too far. I think crazy dogs, like dogs are dogs. I think they're all part of the family. I think he was being crazy because he was worried and like it's stressful. It is. It's a new house. He's been there before, but it's just, he's used to us all being there and just being dumped and he was upset and I think he's allowed to be, it's just a shame that it distracted my sister so much. They would have been at home and he probably just would have driven my dog bonkers, but maybe the neighbors, but I don't know inside cause it's just what they used to do. They're inside dogs. So yeah. Yeah. But I suppose my dad would just be like, that's like, he's, we're all doggy people. So they understand like, it'd be something you do. It's probably just scratched like one door at a front door. There's something you do just to have a good time. I suppose like he'd understand. He wouldn't like, it's not something that it's ideal not to do. We tried to put up like barricades. Like we put some like foam buggy boards up against the door. So he'd scratch that instead of the door, but it worked. No, I should say this is just my grandma's dog cause he's set a repeat. Yeah. No, I think he was scared of him staying away. Comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, not comment, but comment, no, comment, no comment. No, no comment, no comment.