 Okay, so I woke up at, I actually woke up, it might have been like 5.30. I couldn't sleep, I wasn't feeling well. And then we watched like a bit of a TV in the morning and then got ready, had breakfast, was running late, ended up paying for my brother's school, getting dropped off in the car and then I was like running for the bus and then I didn't think I was gonna make it to my class on time. But I made it, it wasn't too late. It's really embarrassing when you walk into the lecture theatre, you gotta walk in front of the lecturer, but hey, that happened. Had a class, I was on cholesterol. I don't know what sort of detail you want, but anyway. And then after that I went up to a lab because I have a lab research project at the moment I'm working on. So I was working with my supervisor on some stuff, we were designing some bits for our project. And then after that I came down to contact to see my old Scotty, Lucy, say hi. And then ended up chatting for like an hour, had lunch in there, bumped into you, here I am sitting in a booth talking to you about what I've done. That's my day. I had porridge, made at home and I had like tinned fruit on top and toast, it was good. It was like two fruit, so it was peach and pear, was it something like that? Yeah, it was strawberry jam and butter and butter. I had milk on my porridge, no, no, no, no. You're making me feel weird. 5.30, I left at 8.00. Well, I was just like sort of half asleep watching the TV for a while and then there was traffic and then we decided to go a different way to school and then ended up being dropped off at a different bus stop, it was just rude traffic. Yeah, I was lying around on the lounge watching TV, like the Olympics, highlight. No, because the Olympics was on, it was different. Because I had class at 10.00 today, I'd normally get up at 7.30, leave at 8.00. I wanted to see what happened overnight, who won stuff and I wasn't feeling quite right, I was hungry. You can't sleep because it hadn't happened yet, it happened overnight. Like this evening, I could have, yeah, I will. I like the swimming and all that but I like watching the obscure events too, like stuff that you don't always see, like diving and BMX bike race, things like that. They will later in the week. No, I caught a bus and another bus. So I catch the M2 bus, caught that from Pennant Hills and then I didn't have a ticket today so that's another reason I was late because I didn't get a train from Wynyard to the city, they stayed on the bus in the traffic and then I catch the central bus to uni. I get the M2 and it goes over the Harbour Bridge to the city and then the city to uni by Anzac Parade. I don't drive to the city too much in petrol, tolls. Oh, it's a, today I caught a 607, a 610 because I got on a different stop, 610, 607. Yeah, because it's the same route, it's just that the stop I normally get on is earlier so I went to a later stop and more routes diverge into that so you get more bums. It is, it's just that we went a different way, dropped my brother at school first so we diverted. So I had one hour and then I had two hours in the lab. The hour lecture is, but the lab is variable depending on the week. Just the lecture and then I probably would have headed home or caught up with a friend. It is for a science degree because they point to things and you miss stuff and our lecture doesn't always work and they hand out handouts. I find that's just in science classes like I try and come. I'm doing a major in molecular biology. Yeah, that was a human biochemistry class, the class. So it was just a lecture today so we're just listening to him talk at the front, taking notes in today's class. He was talking about diseases related to cholesterol and he was saying how if you study the face of Mona Lisa in a painting it looks like she has this particular disease, which was interesting. No, it's just speculation, by the art impression. I don't play sport myself. I like watching sports, but I do do salsa dancing, ballroom dancing if you consider them a sport. I like watching the tennis. Not yet because I haven't started, but I did watch a bit of Wimbledon. I didn't say that. It's on at night and I'm busy studying and I go to bed. Do you get up early? No. The Australian Open when I can. No, I didn't say that. Probably not because it'd be on too late. Yes, but it was holiday so it was all good. No comment. Okay, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No commitment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No coment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. in the comments.