 Yesterday? Yesterday was Sunday. Okay, so I woke up relatively early for a Sunday. I think it was like 7 30 or something because I have a assignment, it's a poster due tomorrow for one of my subjects and I didn't want to be up late tonight, being the night before it's due, trying to work on it. So I got up while it was quiet before everyone else got up to do some research on it and yeah that went for a while. I remember I got tired at one point and tried to have a nap but that didn't work because it was really windy and the door kept banging and my dog was barking and yeah I went to the supermarket at one stage, bought some cardboard for my poster, came back, some more research on it, some Olympics. Nothing really significant happened, just working on my assignment. Had dinner, went to bed. It was a very uneventful day, sorry. Yes, I did. I had, I think I had wheat big. Milk was very plain. So in the morning? No, I have the milk soaked wheat big so that would do. Probably had, no I don't drink coffee so no. I just get my sleep and get up. I do eat apple, I had one yesterday, is that what you're asking? Do they? I didn't know that. It must have been like eight o'clock I started reading papers just because I didn't do much on Saturday and I knew I had to get it done. Almost got references and it's got a construct thing and squish it onto the cardboard. Not yet, I haven't printed it because my print is funny, I gotta go to office work. So I haven't quite finished yet. I need to go get someone to proofread it. It's about a weight loss diet which is really bad. It's called six weeks to oh my god, will you be skinnier than all your friends. So it's like a fad diet and you have to refute it using scientific articles saying why it's flawed. So well it talks about drinking caffeine in the morning and how that will help you lose weight and there's just scientific paper saying that's no good and says take a cold bath for 15 minutes in the morning which sounds ridiculous in winter. Who's going to do that for six weeks every day? Things like that it's a bit silly because it's a stimulant and it causes you to burn excess fat. I don't know about appetite loss, I think you lose appetite control where you don't know when you actually need fuel but they showed that it does help you lose weight but it's only really minimal so it's not really worth it and there's really bad side effects. Because it's a really new diet and it's only come out in the last month, they haven't actually tested it yet but I think it's just a diet to lose the weight initially in six weeks which is a problem because then as soon as you go off it you're just gonna go back to your old habits. I don't think they actually say how much weight you should lose you're just gonna notice a big difference and there's some before and after shots pretty impressive. I don't think it's healthy though, it's a flawed diet it isn't a healthy way to do it and it's extreme dieting behaviour. No, no. About 3.30. The newsagent at the shopping centre? No we have to buy food for dinner for meals. I went with my mum she drove me 15 minutes if that. Yeah just took a usual route down there there's only one road that goes to it so yes but it'd be going way around all the other suburbs to go around the back of it. We'd probably just go to a different supermarket quite a few round offs. At least three to four we're sort of in a good location. Yeah they have everything we need. Oh there's supermarkets within shopping centres so three of them are pretty big they have everything. There's a local IGA down the road which doesn't have cardboard. No. The shopping centre contains multiple supermarkets. It's called like a shopping centre but it's just like shops that are along a strip outside and it's like a car park in between so they're all facing each other. There's a post office but it was closed because it's Sunday. Closes at 12. It does it's new day agents combined. Yeah down there but it was closed because um yeah they all do yeah. Um well like it was through the night had dinner and then till a little bit I went to bed at like 11 and I was still working on it. It's a bit of a last minute yeah I think it's pretty good. I had some leftover navy at home and I bought some more to make a background and then I bought because it's like ditzy oh my god diet I bought something like hot pink soft to make it seem girly and eye-catching. Yeah it's just supposed to be it's not like fully scientific it's supposed to be just conveying a message of why the diet's flawed. Yeah tomorrow we have a presentation symposium in the bioscience building where people are presenting. I think it's just for the three hours so you just wander around ask people questions. Probably not because it's not like the standard of the ones that are because they're all professionally printed and ours is just a glue and cardboard job business. Yeah it is but I feel like the posters that are permanently hung up show like current research and groundbreaking things from the school of Babs rather than third year courses. Not so much counselling maybe health um posts so I don't know if people would really want to read it. They're probably pretty healthy if they're going to the gym already. No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment