 Okay, so I had a really big day on Friday and I got three hours sleep the night before because I was doing an assignment. So I fell asleep at 7.30 on Friday and then I woke up at like 6 a.m. on Saturday because I had a massive sleep. And I was a bit like worried, like, oh, I should be thinking about what I'm going to say for my Yellowshirt interview coming up at 8.45 in the morning. And I wasn't sure how I was going to get to the city. And I talked to my dad about it and I said, like, I wasn't sure with the riots, whether they're going to have problems at Town Hall. And I didn't want to, like, a public transport and goes through there, my bus stops there, and I didn't want to get caught up in that. And he's like, I'll be fine. I'll just drive you. So had breakfast, got ready, left at like eight o'clock. I didn't was like a bit sleepy from six to whatever. Didn't take me that long to get ready. Got ready in like half an hour. Yeah, we went, got petrol because we weren't prepared to drive. I thought I was going to public transport it and got to uni at like 8.45. I was on time. My dad, oh, my mom came to. My dad and my mom dropped me, dropped me off. So I went into my interview. And then my dad drove home and he dropped my mom off in the city at like Kiribilli and she went around the markets of the Rock. So I had my interview and like I wasn't as nervous as last year because I think I, you know, you know what to expect. People were really friendly and I saw some like old friends from last year. I was really excited. They replied. I said I hadn't talked to them. And that was really cool. And first of all, we had the group task and it was like a smaller group. And they actually worked really well. Like last year was just intimidating. Everyone dived in. But this time everyone worked well together, which I liked. And then we had the group interview, which I thought was short and pretty straightforward. And then after that, I caught the bus to Town Hall with some friends because my mom said like Town Hall is fine. She let me know like there's no problems. It's all really quiet and under control. So then I met her at Maya in the city and her birthday was last weekend and she had some money. So she like found a skirt she liked and she wanted my approval and was like, I have to make sure it's all right for me. And so so we bought that at Maya and like we walked around the shops and then we went down to, I'd never walked across the Harbour Bridge and she did that morning. So we walked across the Harbour Bridge and went like to the markets and stuff. And then caught the bus home and it was like 4.30 I got home. I was really tired because I had a big day the day before and got up early. I just watched some TV and like went to bed pretty early. That was my day. I didn't do any uni work. Although I probably should have. No, I got driven, which was really good and it only took like, it's like halves the time. Because like a Saturday things don't run also. Like you have a different timetable. I didn't want to miss an interview and like disrupt their time. 8.45 or like rock up at 8.45. They had trouble with security. They weren't on campus and it started well after 9. Because I had to get the rooms open. I thought it was all right. I felt like I was talking a lot and I didn't want to dominate the others and intimidate them. And I was trying to say the right things and then you think of more things and then you go, they'll be like anything else and I add some stuff. But I hope it's all right. Yeah, I suppose. But like you always question yourself. That's just something I do. I'm not very confident person sometimes. At some, the group activity, I thought they all did well. Some of the people didn't speak up in the group interview, which I felt sorry for them because I know that like they should speak up. Yeah, there was one girl in the group activity and I tried to like say some nice stuff about her and I was saying what worked well. But then I think she took it the wrong way. I said like she took on a leadership role, which is really good. And then she was sort of like, I shouldn't do that. I should be more of a team player. I'm like, no, but I was trying to build her up. But I don't know if she took it well. 12. So finished half an hour early, I think. I caught it with Wendy. I know from last year and about five other new girls I met, they were really friendly, talked the whole way. I think it was a 399 circular quay. So we got off at Town Hall and walked QBB. And it stops on Elizabeth Street, Bathurst Street, I think. That was the stop we got off at. We walked together to QBB and then I walked to Myer and Pitt Street Mall. I don't know of any buses that dropped me at Town Hall from here, but we could have got a bus to Central and could have caught a train. But we just, it was a Saturday, so we got on whatever came first. It was very quiet when I got there and on the news that night, they said it was all safe. And there were a lot of policemen around. Like we saw like a riot squad getting coffee and there were like policemen on horseback and everything. I was just a bit worried. Like I didn't know what to expect. Like they'd been hyping it up all week. So, but it was good. There was nothing. Just having coffee and like doughnuts is very cliche. But that's what they were doing on George Street down the circular quay. They were just having a break. They were like, they were on the street. They were looking at. They weren't just with their backs to the street. It was fine what they were doing. I think the force, I think kids deal with a lot of awful stuff. And it's, I have a neighbour in the force and she says, it's not fun work. Like you're always dealing with the trouble, like troublemakers. And yeah, I wouldn't, it's not my, I'm not a good confrontation sort of person. What about the community? Oh, I think it's good what they do for the community, like going around to schools and showing kids that that's safe. And it's dangerous work too. Like I have two female neighbours that are in the force and, you know, they've got to vest up and do raids. And I don't know if it's great for females to do. I think it would affect you psychologically, but then it's really good that someone does it because we need those people. If you put $20 in, I was a bit worried he wouldn't make it here otherwise. Probably because we didn't have enough money. That's what we had. And he took the M2 then over the, oh, then took the Harbour Tunnel and then the East End Distributor. That is the best route take. It's the most expensive route, but it's the quickest because it's about three tolls you cop coming one way. Um, saves you time, but oh, I suppose you've got to maintain the, like there's a big upgrade happening at the moment and it was roadworks, but it's going to be good once it's finished, the M2. They're like widening this tunnel by four lanes. So it needs to happen. No, it's just the tolls going towards that. I don't know much about government. Do the tolls go to the government and then the government pays? I think. I'm not sure. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.