 Um, this morning. Well, I started by waking up late, so, you know, that's amazing. Um, I actually woke up when I was supposed to leave the house, so then I proceeded to completely ignore that, have a shower, have breakfast, and then to get to uni an hour and a half late. So, you know, that's a good start. And then, um, I had a meeting with some people, kind of tell them to go do stuff like I do. Um, then I went to class, which started an hour earlier than it was supposed to, and they supposedly sent us an email, but then hadn't. So I turned up half an hour late to that. I got out of it pretty well. Then, you know, finished early, went to hang around, and then, um, got lunch, came here. Day, so far. I actually woke up at quarter past seven. I needed to be at uni at eight, half past eight, something like that, at the time I was supposed to leave. What did I have at 8.30? Me being here early enough to unlock the office and give some guy back his stuff that he'd left there over the weekend. Uh, luckily he ran into someone with a master key who knew him, and then that let him in, and then, um, gave him access to the room. Ah, breakfast today was a coffee and banana bread, and wheat bix, and milk, and then some eggs as well. So, you know, I decided to cook up some eggs. That was actually really nice. I don't normally do that, but I decided to take some extra time this morning. Yes, I had the eggs with toast. Breakfast took probably about 25 minutes. Usually I eat breakfast for about five minutes. And then, oh, that's not counting the coffee and banana bread which I had when I got here. So it took me 25 minutes at home, and then another 15 minutes to have that stuff when I got here. So that's usually a lot longer than I normally have for breakfast. That's nice. Um, I've just been hungrier. Just been hungrier. Yeah, I've actually put on about 10 kilos since in the last two months. So that's actually one of my goals. So I'm almost halfway to my goal weight. So another 10 kilos. Um, if I keep eating like I am now, probably about another month, month and a half. But yeah, I could very well not be keep eating like this. So, mm, guess. No, I was still a little hungry actually. Then I was fine after I had the coffee, but that's because coffee's cheat. Uh, it was today. Oh god, I really should know this. It was mind ventilation. So yeah, once again, that was, that was fun. Turning up late and then getting interrogated by the lecturer about it. Why are you late? This is the first class where we've had it this new time. So I'm going to let you off this time, but not in future. Yeah, so that was a lot of fun. Ah, you just get locked out. So that's not the best result, particularly when I've been locked out a few times last semester by this guy. So if we get locked out, then usually you can try and catch up from people, you know, in the class, or you can try and learn from the lecture slides. But this guy's a real verbal teacher. So, you know, you have a lot of gaps that you have to figure out. Um, yeah, that's pretty much the course. Although it's a lot of fun doing stuff that is actually pertinent to the degree. I mean, it's finally getting around to that kind of part of the course. So I'm actually really enjoying it, you know, actually wanting to turn up to lectures. They changed the time because it went over, it overlapped. Okay, so I only have Monday and Tuesdays at uni. They're supposed to go from nine to four and nine to five. The guy who has the nine to 11 on Mondays decided that he doesn't like getting up on Mondays for 9am starts. So he's cancelled that lecture. And then now we're going from nine to six on Tuesdays and the other guy who had 11 to one and then two to four on Mondays has decided that, you know what, we can do everything in 10 to one on Mondays. Mondays, that's the day. Yeah, they actually happen a lot more often than you'd expect with an organised course. I mean, we'll just get emails the day before or on the day of saying that things are either moved or cancelled or there's suddenly another thing on a different day that you need to turn up for. It's actually kind of frustrating when you try and plan your things in advance and when you're working and that sort of thing because, you know, you'll just have a shift at work and then you'll just be like, oh, no, sorry, can't come in, I've got uni. And then the bosses are just like, yeah, you know, we kind of need you to come in because we're paying you money. So that's, you know, yeah, usually they'll be pretty okay if you give them a reason as to why you can't make it to their change times, but it's just my complaining about how it's always such short notice and how it's just not as thought ahead as it could be. Yeah, yeah, I got a kebab, which in hindsight may have been a bit of a mistake because I kind of thought I felt like a kebab, but then it turns out that afterwards I didn't actually enjoy it. I didn't actually end up finishing it because it's just like, you know when there's like those little pieces of whatever it is that you can't really chew through in the meat? Yes, that's the thing. Yeah, it was just full of that today and then the lettuce was all dry and it was just generally a terrible kebab. So I'm going to go get more lunch, so it's going to be a great afternoon. Um, I just got it from that kebab place in Matthews. I can't remember what it's called. I should know its name. I do know it does halal. Hmm, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.