 Okay, so yesterday morning, actually I can't remember if it was yesterday or Saturday, my weekends kind of get confused. But anyway, I woke up and my alarm went off, and I actually woke up with my alarm this time. Which is really good, because it's a really annoying clock, because it's just like a mechanical alarm clock which has to be wound every day. Which is, you know, really cool and hipster and everything. Except that it makes a tick every half second, which is really, really loud, so it's kind of hard to go to sleep. And any time I'm doing work, anyway, I'm kind of off topic what I was doing. But yeah, so it's a mechanical clock, right, and it just ticks, and it's literally driving me insane. So, you know, probably going to not go insane. Hopefully I'll just let it run out before that happens, but I just keep winding it for some reason. I think it might be possessing me. It's probably not going to happen, probably. Guess we'll see later. Yeah, so then after that thing woke me up, so you know, the new alarm clock, so problem solved. I got off, had breakfast, had a shower, went out, and then went off to buy some stuff for my event tomorrow. So basically that involved me just driving around Sydney for about six hours, which was actually quite relaxing, because it was a Sunday, and there weren't that many bad Sunday drivers like there normally are. Maybe it was just where I was going. But also it was a really nice day. So yeah, I ended up just driving around. I had to go to the zoo to pick up some tickets, so I caught the ferry across the harbour. So that was a really nice trip, I mean, even though I was just doing it by myself. Which is actually kind of weird queuing in line at the zoo, because it's pretty much entirely couples and families that are there. And there's just this one guy, and you're just like, he must be waiting for someone. Yeah, yeah, that's what's going on. But yeah, so I went there, and then I saw some elephants, and that's pretty much all I saw, because I didn't actually go into the zoo. I just caught the, you know, the Sky Safari thing. I caught that back down to the ferry, and then got that back straight away. Then I went to see the Dark Knight Rises at IMAX. It was actually really disappointing to see it at the IMAX, because we booked our tickets really late. So we're sitting right at the front and down to one side. So I kind of got a crick in my neck from having to look at the screen, and because it's the IMAX screen, like, you literally couldn't see the other side in focus, because it was just so, so far away. But it was good, because I saw some friends I hadn't seen in a while. And then we went to the park thing near the IMAX, which has a huge climbing thing on it. And yeah, that was good, because we just kind of climbed up to the top of it and pretended we were Batman. So I mean, that thing's like 10, 12 meters tall. I, like, can you believe that kids are allowed to play on that thing? Like, it's 12 meters tall. They could fall and not hurt themselves. Probably, I'm sure there's been studies, but it's like, it's so high up there. But the important thing was that I was Batman for like an hour or so. No, we didn't actually spend an hour up there. That would have been ridiculous. We should have spent an hour up there. That would actually have been fun. So yeah, that was most of my day. Then I went home and then rewound that damn alarm clock. And then, so yeah, now it's sitting in my bag, because I'm staying near uni overnight, so that I can actually get to the event tomorrow in time. So it's sitting in my bag, just ticking away. Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick. And it's just, you know, hopefully it won't make anyone else in the apartment kill me when I'm staying there. So yeah, I guess that's my day. I have absolutely no idea. I saw it in the shop and then I saw it was a mechanical alarm clock and I thought that was pretty cool. And it was only like 10 bucks as well. So I just picked it up and I'm like, this is really cool. Then it started ticking and I don't know why I keep it around. I haven't actually decided yet if I'm actually going to keep it. But basically it wakes me up. It's loud enough to wake me up and it's really annoying as well. So I'm not sure I'm going to get actually good night's sleep with it going. So, but it's just a cool mechanical alarm clock. It loses five minutes every couple of days. Like it's completely ridiculous and impractical, but it's just amazing that it's a thing we can have. Oh, so I can make sure I wake up tomorrow morning. Um, cause I'm staying at a friend's place. And um, one, I'm pretty sure they're not gonna have a spare alarm clock. And two, my phone alarm hasn't been waking me up for weeks now. So I'm going to be missing out on that. Yeah. So I, I previously I was rotating the, um, alarms, the alarm noises on my phone, but that just wasn't working and I'd previously learned to sleep through all my other alarm clocks. That would probably require them to wake up first. And my thing starts a lot earlier than anything they're doing. I don't want to bother them. So that's, yeah, usually I am, but that's because I am used to waking up at a particular time. And then if I'm waking up any earlier than that, then that becomes a real issue. Particularly if it's not something that I get enough sleep beforehand. So if I've only got like three or four hours worth of sleep, then I'll try and I'll be trying to sleep through to that normal time that I wake up. But then if I got like a full night's sleep, then that's not a problem. But yeah. So thinking ahead a little bit, I guess. Um, I absolutely love digital clocks. I mean, there, I don't know. I think there's just some novelty in having a mechanical alarm clock that, you know, I could also later turn into a timer, which is, you know, for comical effect. And it's, it's an alarm clock, which it's one of the count, is the kind that bounces around when it, when it's going, because it's just all releasing rings and stuff. I think there's just something beautiful about that. So yeah, it's just an alarm clock. And it also looks like an old time alarm clock. So that's also part of the attraction of it. And it's got two little bells on it, like bike bells on the top, with a little hammer in between it that just goes back and forth. And yeah, you've got to wind that as well. So it doesn't actually have a snooze button. I haven't built an alarm clock. That actually seems like a really time consuming idea. Oh, well, if I had time, I mean, I'm not going to. No, that's a terrible idea. Future me would hate that. No, I don't think doing that would be a good use of my time. Compared to all the other amazing uses of my time like standing on top of children's playgrounds, pretending to be Batman. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.