 Um, I went to my lecture for one, it was a two hour lecture, but I only went for an hour because I had, um, I had the squad lead interviews today. And so I was thinking about like, I wasn't, I just wasn't concentrating on my lecture. So I left and then I, I don't know, just, sorry, I prepared for that, um, for two hours. And then I went to that. And then since then I went, yeah, after the interview, I went and hanged with my friend and then I went to contact and then I came here. Oh, okay. Um, every detail. Um, I woke up, I had breakfast, I, um, packed my bag. Um, I went down to the bus stop and realized that I had no money or a bus pass, but the bus driver let me on anyways. And then, yeah, I went to, I walked all the way up campus, did my lecture. Um, yeah, like I said, I sat in my lecture for an hour, but I wasn't paying attention. And so then eventually I left the lecture and I went down to contact for about 20 minutes. And then from contacts, I went up to the library and I just looked over, I know some of my, um, I know some of my like previous applications, I guess, to see what I've written to, um, answers to help with my squad leading interview, which was at 12 o'clock. And so there, yeah, 12 o'clock I went down to the block house and had my interview, um, which went through an hour. And then after that, I walked up to the quad, um, to meet my friend and I had, I was just hanging with him for an hour. And then after that hour, I went back up to contact at which point I bumped into you and was convinced to do your, um, I guess, test experiment. And so, yeah, I just hanged in contact for an hour until I came here and now I'm sitting in this booth. I had just right cereal. Original. No, with milk. Yeah. Drink today. I think I just had water. Oh, um, no, I don't drink with anything with breakfast. I guess I just have a lot of milk. I don't know. No, no. Sorry. Home. Oh, um, I am going to, I'm playing touch football this afternoon. And so, um, my friend's going to pick me up from uni and I'm going to go there and then he's going to drop me home. Yeah. Well, I actually have $10 now, so that'll get me somewhere. No, I have my wallet. It's just that I am completely, I guess, broke right now. I just have $0 in my bank until I get paid, which will be hopefully by tomorrow. Um, I guess the bus ride only takes about 20 to 30 minutes. Probably say maximum 30 minutes today. Probably only 20. Um, yeah. Uh, I guess it depends on what time I come to uni. If I come to uni in the morning, it's because there's a lot of traffic on the roads. If I come to uni in the afternoon, it could take like 10 minutes if I'm really lucky. No, because I don't, the bus doesn't go long enough for it. Cause I only get the bus from Marooba to uni. And so sometimes, I don't know, I'm just worried that one time we're going to express and they're like, no, you cannot get off the bus until the city. I tried it once, I think, and it's like, it's been fine, but I've heard of other people getting the bus and then the bus driver is not letting them off. Yeah. Sometimes it's like, it depends if other people are getting on the bus at that time, they usually find they open both doors, but if no one's getting, I don't know if no one's getting on the bus at that stop, I've heard of stories about the bus not stopping. Yes. Uh, soil mechanics lecture. Um, well, if only, yeah, usually it's good, I guess. It's a new lecturer. So apparently it's a lot better than the old one. I think my alarm was set for 7.40, 9 o'clock. Um, I guess it usually takes me about five to 10 minutes. I just watch TV in the mornings because I like watching TV. Well, I usually watch TV while I'm eating breakfast. So I couldn't say maybe about 20 minutes. Um, I think I walked down to the bus stop at about 10 past eight and then I usually, like the longest part of my trip is usually waiting for the bus at the bus stop. That usually takes, I guess when it's in the morning during peak hour, it's usually only about 10 minute wait for the bus. But yeah, sometimes it's about like a 20 or more minute wait. Yes. Yeah, probably. I think so. I got the 395, I think I can get, um, 395, 396, 397, um, 377 and the 376, but I'll have to walk from either Ranry Junction or Anzac Parade to get to class. Um, all of them except for the 97, which is around the corner from my house, but it's extremely unreliable, so I don't like getting it. Um, just on level three. No, no, it's just one of the, um, one of those like cushy seat tables. Yeah. Um, probably about, I don't know, maybe 30 minutes. No, because I don't hang in the library. I don't know. Because I had the interview and I wanted to prepare myself, um, to hang out. Um, I guess during the day I probably get contact a lot. Um, I guess it really depends who I'm hanging with. I'm hanging with like contact people. I mean, contact, I guess. Or if I'm hanging with my high school friends, I'm probably either the quad or the roundhouse. And same with most of my, uh, civil engineering friends, either the quad or the roundhouse. Sometimes, if we have a test on. No comment. Okay. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comments. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. it.