 Alright, yesterday I woke up, I had breakfast, I... Um, yeah I had breakfast, um, Francis picked me up and we went to uni for slot training and then we were, yeah, and then in slot training they, what did they do? We, I think the first thing was they did all the reveals and they, like as in the fake fame reveals and then they gave us our squad name and then, yeah, then we just sat there for training not that fun but it'd be done and, oh actually yeah, then we found out the double squads actually they're running around campus to different stations where we get an envelope with two double quiddies in so that was fun and then yeah, then we got our double squads and then we all came back and went back to training and then we had lunch after that and then after lunch we had more training, I think that was it. Yeah it was a lot of fun. Yes because they made a, they told us a fame, they told us an incorrect fame and then told us incorrect squad names that would match, oh because, well it was extremely obvious but then at the very end of the day anyway they were like, oh by the way guys that fame was fake and we were like, what? Yeah it was a good fame but we knew it was not a real one. Um yeah some of the squad names were pretty bad, mine was Jamie's Jellyfish, no, mine was all right there's some other ones that were pretty bad though, it was, what, oh that's pretty clever actually, trolling, us being like, oh by the way that's not, that's pretty clever but no, they wouldn't do that, I don't think they're that clever. Oh it was just boring, so anytime you have to sit there and get lectured on it. Um playing stuff on my phone, um but no I don't really know, I can't really be like, hang on to lecture people, no I have never lectured people before. Um I filled out the feedback forms for various other activities, I probably filled out the one for this event, yeah I had just dry because I have it every morning because it is just dry, I don't know, it's really good, I like very good cereal, no, well it already has fruit in it, that's why, that's good, probably not, I don't know, still has the fruit which is better, with this, in the cereal, yes, no I don't have any slides. Um yeah, brought Doritos, chocolate, I passed them around, yes I ate most of, yeah I opened them up in front of me and then I ate them and then offered them to the people beside me and then after a bit I sent them around the room, well I wanted to eat, yeah. Sharing is caring, yes that is correct. Um mostly lower campus, in between like the gym, the roundhouse, the village green, the just outside the bread centre and even the bus stop, no just lower. Um we ran for a bit and then walked half the time, um we, at, so like at each station we'd run to, someone would be there and then get us to do a task and then they'd give us an envelope with two double squaddies in it, so at each like station, oh most of the time it was push-ups, but on the like, at the very first station we went to, I did, on my second push-up I ended up injuring my shoulder, so I didn't do another push-up again that day, so that made the rest of the day easy. Um no they weren't that slack, most of the time they were just like, yeah she can just do that amount, they didn't make her do double. Um no, well after, because at the last station you finish with your OT and so then we just like sat there on the grass, so by the time we got back we were like, ah on the day, um I, I was about to leave and then um, um because I was gonna go home and do nothing there, so I was like, I know I ended up staying in the office for about 10 minutes and then I, and then I didn't, no I should have done some work that bad because I couldn't, not really, I just, I, I don't know, I just didn't think about doing work peers um, oh well I played PlayStation for a little bit and then I watched TV, which I would count as nothing, I can't even remember if I watched TV I probably just played games, I played PlayStation for a little bit and then I was just it's just on my laptop, cool. No comment. Go to Beadaholique.com for all of your beading supplies needs!