 On Saturday, oh Saturday, um well, Saturday. Do you want to take this pen before I start clicking it? On Saturday I woke up and I think I stayed in bed for as long as I could because it was my birthday that night and so I knew I'd have to do a lot of stuff around the house to clean and prepare and so um, um, yeah. I guess when I finally woke up, well I guess I was just on my laptop for a bit, killing time, and then I got out and I had breakfast, um, and then after breakfast I went outside to um, I guess clean up and prepare, um, yeah I did a lot on Saturday. Um, alright, one of the things I had to do was I had to uh, get these really big buckets to put all the alcohol in and um, that took me a while to do. And then because of the big winds, no because of the rain we had this really long tent in my backyard which was about like, it was 8 metres by 3 metres and we already had all the scaffold out but we just hadn't put the roof or any of the walls on because we were worried that it'd blow away. And so then I spent about two hours taping every single joint together hoping that the wind wouldn't destroy it when I put the roof on. And so um, yeah we tied down every part of the tent to either the fence or the floor or any pieces of furniture we had in the backyard. And then um, yeah so I spent about two hours doing that and then when we put the roof on, the uh, the tent started getting picked up and so we had to hold it down while we um, well it wasn't getting totally picked up, it was still staying down but um, if we'd left it there for like an hour it would've come out. And so then we put on the sidewall as quickly as we could. But with the sidewall up this tent was still getting, I don't know, I guess severely blown. And then um, after leaving the tent for about 10 minutes the wind um, completely like crushed the tent. Um, which meant um, yeah it actually bent some of the poles in the tent. And so then we had to go outside and quickly take the roof off and take the walls off. And then I had to spend the next two hours un-taping all the joints that I had just spent two hours taping up and cutting out. And yeah, then that took a lot of my day. Um, and then yeah I think I just spent the rest of the day uh, cleaning, um, just preparing food I guess. Um, yeah and then um, yeah and then there was my party at night. Um, I guess people started arriving at 6.30. Um, yeah more and more people came. Um, yeah I was a bit worried because half the party was meant to be outside. But because the tent had been destroyed and it was raining, um, everyone had to squash inside. But in the end it was uh, there was probably perfect numbers. It was cozy I guess. There wasn't too many people, I mean like there was just enough people. If we had any more people then we definitely would have struggled for space. Um, yeah and yeah that was the party. There was cake and food and other party stuff. Um, uh, there was uh, there was cupcakes. There was Doritos. There were biscuits. Um, there was cake. I don't, I don't remember if I said that or not. Oh there was cake and cupcakes, yeah. Um, yes party pies and sausage rolls. And yeah, I think that was it for the food. And we had a whole lot of alcohol left over the next day that people didn't drink. Which I wasn't really complaining about because now it's mine. Sorry. No, because I just had no idea on the numbers because I invited about 80 people. But I knew that like only a percentage of them would show up. So we were prepared for I guess the worst case scenarios in case like everyone showed up. And then we didn't have enough food or drink. So we had a lot of leftover food and a lot of leftover drink. And yeah. Um, I think about 50 people showed up. Um, there was a lot of, yeah there were a majority of the people who, like a few people had brought plus ones that I wasn't really, I don't know, I didn't account for. But yeah, yeah, yeah I was fine with it. Do what? Isn't that what people do at parties? Yes. Um, oh I kind of lied, I didn't prepare any food. I got my mum to prepare the food. I just was killing time, acting like I was preparing. Um, I had to move a few couches to make space. Um, I had to set up chairs. I had to, I don't know, just general cleaning around the house, putting stuff away, making things look neat. Um, the whole day, I don't know. I was, I was busy the whole day. Sorry? Well I spent about, as soon as I finished on the tent, like packing up the tent, um, I don't know, maybe about two, three hours, completely cleaning everything, making the house look good. No, uh, because no, it was raining at night. But we had all the drinks and alcohol out there, more so because we were worried that it'd be too packed. And if all the drinks were outside, then people would be forced to go outside. Yeah, people went outside. When it was not raining, people were standing outside. And then when it was raining, people just moved back in. And that repeated itself all night, I guess. Yeah, it was like the really strong, it wasn't like, during the day, it wasn't, yes, it was bad weather. Yeah. Um, no, it was probably really bad during the day. Um, that's why the tent got destroyed by the wind. At night, the winds probably weren't as bad. So if we'd sent the tent up at night, it might not have got destroyed. But there was no way we could have set up the tent during the party. So yes, yes. We found out the day before when the cyclone, well not the cyclone, but yeah. Because we had no other choice, we couldn't postpone the party or anything. People had already, I know, taken work off and stuff, I guess. It was way too difficult to postpone the party. Um, we didn't really have time to put it up later. We had to, um, I don't know, if it was gonna, the tent was gonna either work or not. So, um, I don't know what happened to the tent. I packed it up, but I took it all down, took off all the tape. And then my dad put it in the garage, I think. So I don't know what's gonna happen to it. We just bought it just for the party as well. I don't, I don't know, it's my parents' problem now. No comment. I echo.