 Okay, on Saturday I woke up at 7, I had breakfast, I packed up any of the stuff I hadn't packed yet and then I got my mum to drop me to uni and then we had to wait for Lee to arrive to drive us all and then we, um, I was in a car with Lee, Francis and Kartini to slot camp. Um, ah, I just poked myself in the eye, sorry. Um, yeah, and so then we drove to slot camp. We had the scavenger hunt list and we decided that we weren't going to do it because we thought it was pretty lame and so as we started driving there we just like conveniently, we drove past some stuff on the scavenger hunt list so we decided to do it and then by the time we got there we'd actually done like the majority of the list, the scavenger hunt list, and then um, yeah, and then at camp we were there and we had to wait a bit because one of the cars had a bit of a car crack, um, and that delayed things a bit and I think we had to start the training without a few people as well, um, and yeah, then we had training and that was okay and then we did, I can't remember what we did, we had lunch, we played some games, we found our double squads out, um, we had more training and then, and then I think we all started to move into the tents and then I think we might have had dinner and then at dinner I think we played, I think after dinner we played one or two more games at night and that was it, then we just hanged out around the fire talking to people and yeah, that was my Saturday. The next day or on Saturday, on Saturday I think I woke up at seven. I had my alarm clock on for later but I woke up at seven anyway. I think I'm in a rhythm now, I just always wake up at seven every day. We had to be at uni at eight, we had to be at Cat Eye by 11. We got there right on 11. Um, it was a lot of fun, we were just planning on just driving straight there, they ended up doing everything so that's a lot of fun. Um, it's because we couldn't be bothered, it was early in the morning when we all met up and none of us were overly excited about doing it, so um, yeah, yeah it was fun. Um, I don't really do them usually, I don't know. Oh no, we came second because um, we should have won except everything that was between us and like another team that gives to the other team because it was always like, like so say if we had to take a picture of a kangaroo sign, the judge is the best one and so ours would be like Lee like hugging the sign or something and then they're like oh based on rarity we're going to go with this team because Lee hugging the sign or Lee doing something, their words were Lee doing something stupid isn't rare. Um, I don't know, I can't remember but yeah everything was like a 50-50, they want, they went against us, uh Pete and Jeff. No, it was not fair. Yes, um, I can't remember the team name but it was, I know Kevin, I think it was Kevin, Annika, Karissa and then somebody else. I can't remember the last person. I think it might have been, no, it was Johan, I think, yeah, Johan. It wasn't better, ours was better. Um, I don't know, there wasn't like, there wasn't like a standout highlight of the day, it was just a whole lot of little things that were really good. Um, that was easy. We did just throw our bags in there. Yeah, that wasn't, that wasn't too hard though because we had about like 10 people around like working on each tent which usually needs like two people to do. Um, not that, I've used them before at like high school camp but yeah, no. Not really. I slept in a tent with Johan. Uh, I think so. There was enough, there was more, we had more than enough space. We bought bags in there as well. Yeah, well I was originally, we all got there early and as the tent started filling up, people started jumping into tents. So, I was in a tent with Francis and Kevin and then at night we realised that people had a whole tent to themselves and so I think Johan was by himself so I went with Johan. Um, we had sandwiches with chicken and lettuce and mayo. Uh, we had, we had pasta and no, we had spaghetti. Right, yeah, we had spaghetti. That's exactly what I was thinking. That's why I started like, hang on. Yeah, pasta is spaghetti. I made a mistake. Uh, what did we have it with? Um, sauce and um, well they also had beef there I think it was. I believe it was beef. Yes, I usually eat what my mum prepares for me and I don't ask questions. Not dinner. Um, I usually cook, well the only thing I've ever, well the only thing I've cooked more than once is probably eggs because you just put them on the pan. Yes, if I wanted to, I could try. No. Yes. Yes. No, well we have toast and stuff. Yes. Okay, no comment. No comment. No comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment