 So on Saturday, I woke up, I had cereal and I showered and got changed and then I went to work at BW. And then at BW, I did the front door, so I was like the customer champion as it is known as at BW, where I just stand at the door and check people's bags. And I did that for five hours and then I went home after that. So that was from 11 to 4. And so then after that, at home, I just relaxed until I had my friend's party to go to. And so I think my girlfriend came over to my house and then we both left and went to the party. And then we were just at the party and it was just, yeah, it was fun. Saw a few high school friends I hadn't seen in a while. He had his own family beer. His uncle makes, yeah, his uncle has like his own beers that he makes and sells in like South Australia. So we had them, but I wasn't a big fan. But I told him they were really good. And so, yeah, and there was heaps of food around, a lot of food that had everything. They had ribs, they had chicken, they had everything. Because they wanted to try, I think it used to be called door grater, except I think they wanted to be more like you're not there just to check bags, you're there to assist the customers with whatever they need. So help them out with like any inquiries. And it's just like an added task that you have to check bags that when they leave. I checked it was, if someone holds their bag open or someone, no, basically no, I don't check people's bags. They showed me briefly their bags and I like, yeah, that's all good. Unless somebody in the store comes up and tells me, oh, you check that person's bag. I saw them put something in it that I won't check anyone's bag. Well, I should, I shouldn't say that. Yeah, we're allowed to check people's bags. It's a part of like the condition of entry of coming into the store. If there's a lot of rules on it, like if I put my, if I reach into their bag, then they can say that I placed anything in their bag. So they'll get away with that. So the like the policy is don't put your hands in their bag, get them to take things out for you. And yeah, it's really, it's really hard to stop shoplifters. Like, cause if I see someone, something in there that doesn't have a receipt, like I can't just accuse them of stealing it. So it's a fine line between, well, there isn't much of a line actually. I just don't catch anyone for stealing. They'll have to, usually someone, there's, sometimes there'll be people in the store called like loss prevention. Like if they see someone put something in and they have the power to be like, no, you have to, but I mean, you have to come to the back, you have to show us your bag, explain everything. Unless someone's been monitoring them on camera the whole time. Unless somebody, unless someone, one of the staff actually saw someone put something in their bag, we can't prove much and we can't really stop anyone. I assume that if we actually stop someone and we're like, oh, where's your receipt for this? Like, they'll just be like, oh, sorry, I completely forgot. And then they'll just put it down. So we essentially stop the shoplifting, but they're not going to suffer any consequences. Um, yeah, I've seen a few people being escorted like back into the store and then like out of the store and stuff by Westfield security and sometimes police. So I assume that I don't really know what they're doing though. Oh no, yeah, I've been working, but I've never caught anyone. No comment. No, I don't know. It's a lot of the two out of catch. Uh, it was called, what's his last name? If I'm allowed to say that. Yeah, it was called Goodison Brewery. I think that was it. It was alright. He had a certain taste to it. I didn't really like it, but I know other people at the party that liked it. So it was really, I don't know how to explain it. I couldn't explain it on the night. It just had a really strong, like tang to it. No, no, it just like, it just had a really like, do you drink beer? Um, like it has like a, like, do you know how you have the aftertaste as like, it wasn't like a bad aftertaste, but it was a really strong aftertaste. Uh, I wouldn't say so. It was pale ale. So I don't know what that is. Yes. The color. Well, he had his own logo on it, so I didn't know what it meant. And like the bottle's brown. So no, no, I just had it from the bottle. Beef ribs. So he had ribs. I assume that's what beef ribs. I didn't ask. I used to have a good idea. I knew there were ribs. I didn't think I could go wrong with ribs. Um, I, the ribs are really good. I ate about a hundred lollies though, which I shouldn't have. Oh yeah, there was heaps of food. I had a bit of everything. Cause just, we were just sitting there and they were right there in a bowl. Oh no, I had heaps of succotards, whatever they were called. Cause like there was, it was catered as well, right? So on every table they had like a pack of succotards or whatever. And like we kept on pushing them away to the other side of the table. And just like, if you're talking, would someone grab it and then we'd all start eating it again. And then like, I was like, fine, let's just finish off this packet and get it done. And then we all stopped. So we all ate it. Well, I mean, I ate it and everyone else had like one or two. And then as soon as we finished it, one of the caterers came over and took it away and placed a new packet on the table. Um, no, I think they were the same flavor. I think they were just the original. Yeah. I love plain biscuits. With salt. Yes. Um, no, there was no dips around. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Unknown Speaker 20 at 00 three 11 10 10 10 Unknown Speaker 20 at 10 M Unknown Speaker Unknown Speaker