 So when I woke up yesterday, I quickly grabbed some, an apple and a little bit of food and a cup of tea, two or three, two glasses of water. Cause I had to, I had a blood donation at 8.10 appointment over in Transport. So I was hoping to get up at seven, but then got up at 7.30 ish. So I needed to rush out. Um, ended up borrowing the car instead of walking. So that saved a bit of time as well. So I got there, um, filled in the form, part B and C. Then I wait around for a little while, had time to drink a bit more water. Then they pricked my left index finger to do the hemoglobin test. They did my right shoulder was the blood pressure test. Um, turns out at the moment I weigh about 125. Uh, then always, I always do it on my left arm and all, cause there's a nice juicy vein right there that everyone, that's like the easiest thing ever to get. But next to it, there's a massive one, but that's deeper. And most people never bother cause there's that one there, but she said, no, she's going to try and do that one. Then she misses it. And it's just, so she sticks me in there and says, whoops, no. Um, take that out. Then I need to swap to the other arm cause they can't, they can't do the one next to it for some reason. So, um, get down off that chair, go to the other chair and go to this one. And so never done it on the right arm before, but looking at it, the vein structure is basically the same. So there's another massive juicy one. She just went straight for that one. And so, yeah, I was a bit disappointed in my time. I like to try and get the blood pumping. So get, um, like the seven minutes probably not meant to try and get it to go as fast as possible, but I did. So it was more like close to, but not just under nine minutes. Um, there did that fine. Let me down. Then had a, I can't remember what sort of milkshake it was. I had one of the milkshakes. They're all right. And a nut bar, which is nice. Good nut bar. Um, then drove home, gave dad the car key so he can head off to work, but then he, he works at home as well. So they actually delay me. Um, then I spent the rest of the morning trying to get some work done on personal finance. It's due at 11 o'clock tonight, but I don't have any time to work on it today. So I had to get it all done for today. So did that all morning. Finally got some, the budgeting bit work done. Then like one o'clock I was just like, I was sick of it. So, and I realized it was going to take a bit more work. So plus I was tired cause I only got like four hours sleep the night before. So I said, nevermind, I'll went to sleep for like good four or five hours. Plus there was noise from my two doors up, uh, taking down a tree. So just like couldn't concentrate. So I went to sleep. It's hard to serve my sleep, but still better use of my time than trying to concentrate through that bloody chainsaws. And it's not just the chainsaws. It's the wood chipper that just constantly. And so that was really annoying. Then, so got up at like 6 PM, uh, had a quick shower, went, had bite to dinner. Then he did the head over to bowel studies. So left at quarter past seven, walked over, 15 minute walk, got there at 7 30. We had bowel study for, I left it before 10. So that was slightly longer than normal, but no worries about that. Walked home. Then I worked on my assignment till 4 AM, then went to sleep. That was my day. Um, it's walking to chat with Sawyer, give myself, it would be slightly over 10, 20 minutes, like averaging 21, 22, something. I don't know. I didn't walk. I drove drives like three minutes. Um, maybe 10 minutes in total. Oh, nah, eight probably. Uh, well, also I affected in time for stopping it. No, but I didn't stop as a light. So that's real good. So yeah, probably would have been like five or six because parking was actually pretty easy. Went straight in and got a park right off Westfield sentence right next to it. Uh, Chatswood blood donor center. They have a permanent one there. Um, I normally, most of the time I get around the 12 week mark. So like it has to be 12 weeks apart. I normally, most of the time I get it within the 15 week within 15 weeks. So that's however many a year, um, they want you to, they want to make sure you're well hydrated. So if I just woke up, neither don't have much time to hydrate. So yeah, they, they want you to do at least they want at least three or at least five. I can't remember. Do you, do you drink three or five glasses of water? Um, yeah, they probably recommend it. Um, actually did. I always drink a fair bit. I'm very rarely dehydrated. Um, so yeah, you are meant to eat something. You're meant to eat a substantial meal. As since it was early morning, they suggested I have a big meal and then decent breakfast. That didn't quite happen, but I'm not that fast. I ate, was it an apple or a banana? Might've been both. And a little bit of chocolate in the morning. Just like, let's eat something. That's right there. So yeah. Nah, blood's fine. Like I had had a headache before cause I slept on my neck wrong. It happens sometimes. So I had that bit of a headache all the way through, but didn't bother telling them about it. It's nothing to do with my blood system. Um, I give her a bit of credit cause it is deep. And like I was one time when I was here, like Indian guy, like smooth as like genius guy said he was the first guy to go for it. And it was like, he actually said it was actually quite deep and bit trickier. So it is poor form, I guess, and Mr. Vain, but, um, it's, I don't know. It was kind of annoying, but not world ending. Yeah, it was fine. Uh, there's only the brief pain of them actually sticking the needle in, but that's gone in like three seconds. It's not that bad anyway. Nah, don't even feel it. Uh, no, they provided free after donations. Um, lotus, no, um, the standard donation, the whole blood is 470 mils cause that's what I've always given pretty shirts based off the old pint of blood. So for 70 not comment. What are button No comment, no comment. No comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment.