 Last Saturday? Okay, um, good question. What did I do Saturday? Huh, um, what did I do on Saturday? I'm drawing a complete blank. What did I do? Yeah, I remember what happened on Sunday. But why do I remember? Oh, whatever. Um, on Sunday, I woke up, made myself a cup of tea, walked up, had a shower, made a cup of tea, took a load up to church, got there just after nine o'clock, uh, got ready for kidzone, went into church at 9.30, we left after the kids did the first song, and then we left pretty much after that, and then did that until about, got rid of, fine, got rid of all the kids at, um, shortly after 11, which was kind of nice. Uh, Steve actually said, tell the parents to pick them up at 11, so that was kind of good, worked out nicely, so we could, uh, pray and debrief. Then we, I went home and had lunch. Can't remember what lunch was, but whatever. We had lunch, and then just chilled in the afternoon, watched some of Ben Hur, because that was on TV, that was kind of nice. Um, head back up to church at 4.30, quickly set up the sound stuff, then I made a cup of tea, sat down, just made sure everything was working okay, had church, that finished, I think I left about just before 7.30, and then went home, and then, don't know entirely, probably was just on the computer most of the time, and, ooh, no, was I watching TV? TV or on the computer. Doing one or the other, went to bed at 12.01, and that was Sunday. I woke up at, alarm went off at 8, I was out of bed by 8.30, uh, often, uh, so I'm at least conscious. Um, not into a deep slumber, but the more times I have to hear my alarm, the more times I wake up, and it works better. Yep. Yeah, because I should have gotten up. Um, no. I've always had trouble with alarms, so, at the moment I set at least two or three, just so I have to keep going at it. Yeah, I've slept through many alarms. Um, what do you mean by other ones? Um, I've considered jerry-rigging something, so I get splashed with water, or big elaborate things, but no, I've only ever tried, uh, audio alarms. Um, I use a variety, so, at least one of them's a foghorn, one's an old-fashioned car horn. Uh, a few years ago, I had a really old mechanical alarm clock, where it was literally a hammer hitting between two bells. Oh, that was hard. Um, so yeah, variety. Um, worked well for a while, but then, I was able to get used to it a little bit, and also, if it was right next, there was no snooze, so it was either on or off, so if I had it right next to my bed, I could just turn it off, and then there'd be nothing coming back at me shortly thereafter, so I had to put it away from my bed, which, my room's that messy that it got knocked over a few times. Uh, next to my bed. Um, because that's just where I charge my phone. There's my phone. So, I could jerry-rig it, but I'm also in a loft bed, so it'd become incredibly difficult to turn them off. It might be more effective, yeah. No. Um, I do that occasionally, but most of the time, my morning routine, ideally, I'd like to sit down and have breakfast, and have a shower, and just chill, and get some food ready for the day, and everything. Uh, but at bare minimum, I need a quick shower, and can go. So, I want to have more time to do more stuff, so I set my alarm for that, but then I, stuff gets chopped out. Yeah, um, I've set multiple alarms. That's my current. Yeah, it's worked better. It's, um, it helps because, it's had a minor effect, slightly better. Um, in the past, I've asked my parents to, but they now have to make a specific request for something, if it's something really important, because, uh, they're often off before I need to get up anyway. Uh, Thursdays is nine o'clock. Um, ideally, I'd get up at 6.30. No. Uh, waking up or getting up? Getting up. Um, today, I got up at 8.50, and last week, didn't get up at all. Uh, lecture. Um, about 50%. Um, if I'm there, sorry, what's the question? Uh, cause it's early, and I don't care about it. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No No comment.