 on Sunday. Okay, sorry about that. On Sunday I woke up and I can't remember exactly what I did. Got to church on time. Oh no, I was late. I slipped in. Are we picking up anything? Keep going. Okay, so got up, headed up, grabbed the passage I'd prepared, walked up to church. That took five minutes as usual. Went straight into the hall, chatted with my co-leader about what we're actually doing because we hadn't communicated that well. So we both had made plans. So we see what we actually want to do. So decided to start off with my thing and then hopefully if we have time play the game she'd come up with. So then I went to get it photocopied. So photocopied the sheet, came back, prayed, went into the church for the first 10 minutes or so. Pretty much the first song of notices as we do every week. After that headed back out across. Then we did the song. Then we split off and we went and talked about John chapter 3 and John the Baptist and all that good stuff. Then we came back in and made a locust treat, whatever things. They were chocolate and muesli and whatever. Because John the Baptist ate locusts so that was meant to be the reference. We did the study, played the writing game and then we decided to do that. So after that finally got rid of the kids because parents took quite a while to come get them. Then we had a quick prayer meeting and I went home. So I walked home. When I got home I assume I ate some lunch. What do we have? We might have done fish and chips but we might not have. Interesting. So yeah I ate lunch at some point. Then just hung around at home. Not getting any work done. Then back up to church at 4.30. Naomi who I'm training to use the sound machine, she was running a bit late so I just pretty much set that up in like 10 minutes. Then when she got here I spent the next half hour or so just explaining what's what. Showing her how all the knobs on the sound desk aren't actually as complicated as they look. They're just, a lot of them are repeating for different channels. So did all that. Had trouble getting the recording to work because I have no idea why. I've tried recording on the laptop that was set up that Ryan used in the morning. That didn't work. I tried taking a new, bypassing his setup and going from tape out, unplugging his tape out and taking our tape out to my computer which still got no signal. So then I had to borrow cable from the portable system to get the, took from TRS main out left and right and took that into my computer and that worked. So managed to be able to record the sermon even though, let's not start that. So got that done. Service went as usual. Recorded, missed the first word of the sermon as I always do. But then started recording, got the rest of it. I was sitting, so first of all Tim was up front handling the PowerPoint so that was something I didn't have to do. And then I got Naomi to sit next to the desk and do the meeting and unmeeting as the service went through. And so I was just sitting there enjoying it and then packed up. Bunch of us went to dinner in the Mandarin Center where I got Japanese curry and rice with these other things on top. I have no idea what it is but it was nice. Five bucks, come on, such good value. Went home after I went home. Yeah that's when I did the pre-lab for Tuesday morning, the water pre-lab. And then watched a bit of YouTube, watched Corner Gas, stupid Facebook rubbish. Went to bed eventually and that was Sunday. Because I always get distracted and then, oh he's about to start and then I press record like the first word after. Because I don't know why I get distracted. Because a lot of stuff going at the same time so I'm turning on this mic, turning off the band mic, checking to make sure the levels are coming out okay. Then I need to hit record. So it's a lot of things that need to happen at the same time. So I could be more prepared and hit record and then do all that but I never think of it. So it means I'm going to lose the first word or two and I'm going to have silence. And actually silence, a couple seconds of silence wouldn't be too bad but I never do it in that order. Yeah because I don't always make the same mistakes so sometimes I guess I do it. Yeah, try to do it in that order. Thanks for pointing that out. Second time in my entire life because it's a big massive bowl with a bunch of rice. This nice tasting Japanese curry thing. With like fried chicken and there was like an egg and there was a tempura prawn and there was this fried pork I assume. And it was like big massive thing for five bucks so it's just value for money and it all tasted nice. Sorry. I don't know why that was so cheap. The reason stuff's normally expensive because there's a whole massive supply chain involved. World food demand so and labour costs actually when you're eating out more than half of it's probably labour costs then renting the place and everything so you're paying a fair bit for the privilege of not cooking. I have no idea. It's a special of some kind. It was a special. It wasn't as, it was a much better special than the only other time I've ever eaten bought food from there which was like seven dollars instead of seven dollars instead of nine. Whereas this was better than the nine dollar one and it was only five. So they're operating at a loss. I don't know why they're choosing to do that but I'm enjoying it. Depends on how much. So if it was, ah, it's good but it's not great. So if it went up to like maybe if the discount was down to only down to eight or seven or eight then it'd still be pretty good. If it was 10 or 12 then no because it's nice but it's all very mild and like yeah it's not exciting food it's just nice food. Yeah, no. No, I don't only buy it for a price. The price is why is the tipping point. So the value benefit cost ratio. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.