 Yesterday morning after I woke up I had my shower as per usual. After the shower I was running late so I didn't grab breakfast. I grabbed a cup of tea to take with me on the train. I walked over to the train, caught the train to Central, bus to here. After that, getting myself ready because it was an employer had come to the uni to talk about their vacation job. So I was dressed up, put my tie up, tried to tuck my shirt in right. And then after that, got inside, took my tie off because everyone else was less dressed. So after that, listened to that. They offered a bit of lunch and asked a question afterwards, specifying what they meant by what they meant by facilities engineering. And it turns out it's as vague as they said it was. It's a big bucket that they chuck all the other engineering in. Had a bit of lunch, talked to a mate of mine there for a little while. He's slightly crazy. He's not crazy, just, yeah, that's another story. Actually it's a story he told me not to tell, so there we go. After that, hung around, was hoping to meet up with somebody but they couldn't make it so wandered over, met a guy I knew over in the courtyard, chatted to him for a while just because I had nothing better to do and I was waiting on a reply. So about three o'clock, that all wrapped up, took a train home, bus then train. After that, I, so when I got home, went on the computer for about an hour or so. Didn't get much work. No, I got a bit of work done, so it was for the finance subject. After that, cooked dinner. Cooked dinner, ate dinner, went up to church because Sandra was, she'd assumed that there would be sound on the menu again for the DVD they were playing for Alpha but nothing was playing and she couldn't get the sound out so I went up and I actually played the actual talk and everything was fine. So that was slightly annoying. But then just cheered out there, went to talk to my dad and them who were in the kitchen. Don't know why they were but they were cooking that night and then walked over to Bible study. Was Bible study, 7.30 to, probably didn't leave till about shortly after 9.30. Got home, that was about 10, 15 minutes. After that, I pretty much got into bed but then I'd been pestering dad to show me the latest bills because I need them for the assignment so he actually said, nah, I can show you now. So I went down, talked to him for like 20, 30 minutes. Saw how the record keeping he keeps for all the expenses. Got a printout of some of it, the previous utilities and the car stuff and then went into bed, watched a bit of YouTube, bit of Facebook and went to sleep shortly thereafter. I woke up in the morning at, I was getting here for 12 so I wanted to leave the house bit before 11. I woke up at, I woke up pretty close to on time so it was 9.40ish that I actually got out of bed. Um, that's a good question. So, no, I didn't get out of bed till just after 12, just after 10. I was on my computer huddling under my blankets for about a good 20 minutes or so and then I finally got out of bed. Took a shower, typically try to keep it 15 minutes all encompassing but I might have gone a bit longer. Then, why didn't I have time for breakfast? Oh, I left at 20 to 11 because I wanted to make sure I was on time so that, finding a tie, putting my shoes on. Um, typically yeah. So I, I did make myself a cup of tea. I did, I grabbed, I took some food with me. What did I take? I have no idea. Anyway, um, usual is a very vague term so this week and maybe last week, not so much but I did have a good streak there of having breakfast. I was in India, so, it was in C&D, Chevron, uh, lots. Away from the talk, um, big massive company. If I want to do a vacation there with them, I have to be prepared to go to Perth because that's where pretty much everything is for them. Even if I got to the interview process, they'd have to fly in or they'd fly me to Perth for the actual interview so like, they're also big money. They have projects all around the world. They're the biggest, either energy specific or natural, energy in general, natural gas and specific provider in Australia. They have the most untapped reserves, um, and they're having, they're basically on two major projects. They're building up Gorgon and Wheatstone. Uh, Gorgon's, uh, probably two years away and it's going to be huge and then Wheatstone is slightly smaller and it only just got approval six months ago. And then they have the legacy oil wells, whatever that means. Oh no, it means that there's not much oil left on Barrow Island and they're also part of the Northern Shelf joint venture. So massive amounts of work going on. Like, they're having 5,000 workers on Barrow Island, which is literally the middle of nowhere. So and Wheatstone, they're building a hun- they had a 104 person camp just there to build the other camp before they actually build the actual, uh, plant, et cetera. Um, not to actual petroleum, uh, but all their facility stuff is, uh, very much what I'm studying. So not very much. My degree fits into some of the stuff their facilities do. So they need people with my degree. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.