 Sunday I ate breakfast, I had a shower and then I went to church for Sunday school. This was at nine, left home at about nine o'clock and I picked up on the way, found someone from Linfield to go to North Sydney where my church is and at about 9.30 we got there and we discussed the plan for the morning and then we went, we set up the room where we have Sunday school and we went to service and then around 10.10 all the kids came to the community centre where we have the Sunday school and we, yeah we had Sunday school for 20, no till about 11.20 and from there we went back to the church hall where they had morning tea. I had a conversation with one of the parents, getting to meet them which was good, one of their sons are in the same year that I coordinate and then I, we had soup and rolls so they had a special lunch prepared so we had, I think I had bacon soup, pumpkin with bread, it was good and then went back home where my family had guests over, a family of six little kids, four kids and we, they had lunch so I ate a bit more than two and then looked after some of the kids while the parents were talking I think, just sort of yeah looking after them and then straight after that we went to Kamire to meet with the Japanese congregation as well, that goes from about three o'clock to 4.30 and then from that afternoon tea from 4.30 to 5.00 just talking, planning about other things over the week and we had noodles so that was a lot of food this Sunday and after that we would go, I would go to the evening service at my church which was, starts at six and our small group was in charge of supper so I dropped by Woolies to pick up some supper, biscuits and then set up before church and then I was sitting there doing the powerpoint slides etc and from there that finished about 7.30 and I went home, left, well that was, the service would go till 7.30 and then supper would roll on until about 8.30, left, got home about nine-ish maybe just after and had to work on some uni work but I don't think I did anything, yeah and then I just don't do much and then I was asleep midnight or something. I would, I drove so I drove in the morning and then drove at night, yeah drove so in the morning I picked up someone from Linfield but I was the one driving and then in the, to the Camaray I would, I, well just me but we all, like carpool, not carpool, went different cars together. Most Sundays I would drive but occasionally I'd get a lift as well so we'd alternate, depends on the time, sometimes it can, 20 to half an hour, sometimes it can take longer if it's peak hour. So we have a talk which I was on, I should have mentioned, he had Pokemon cards so just having, looking at those and playing a made-up game that involved the cards because I didn't know how to play as well as they had Lego played so they were, and then it swings outside so, well one of the kids was really wanting me to keep playing Pokemon but I was a bit, I didn't really, like I was just playing for the, for him. Oh I think one of, like one of their sons really like wants to like wants to play with me because he's like five so I was able to look after him. So he's the oldest with five and then there's I think three and baby one or less than one and then four, it's five to one range. Oh like wandering around eating Lego. No, my sister was there too so she would be and the mum. From Chatswood it's just close to, close to Knossany so it's about 30 minutes as well. It's just to get there at three. I left around 2.30. I don't know when they arrived but I got back at 12.30 and they would, they left with us at 2.30 so they were there for about two hours. Oh yeah, Sunday's usually a busy day. Oh the highlight was probably the morning where we had Sunday school and because I was on the talk there was having to prepare that the week before and just sharing that with the kids was probably the highlight. It's hard to judge but you, they, I think they get out, get a lot out of it. They definitely enjoy it because they keep coming so. So every week we have helped lead on Sunday school but maybe twice a term I'd be on a talk. Yeah it's a good fun. Oh we've got other leaders so sometimes it's a bit, a lot of work but I've keep, keep doing it yeah. I feel like Sunday's a day that I don't need to do any work. I've got other days that have off so spend time doing on Monday and Fridays. So I had like Sunday evening I didn't have much to do and I knew that it would become a busy week so I thought I should get started early.