 Saturday, what day was that? Oh, okay. Yeah, I tried Monday. Okay, yesterday. Yesterday, got up to uni, got up, had to go to uni at 12, but I decided to go earlier because I was going to meet someone for coffee. But, so I got up, made my lunch for uni, and got on the train and I bumped into a guy that's in second year, I hadn't seen much before, and he's also doing civil engineering. Had a chat about how he's going in his studies, telling him about all the hard stuff, because I did civil as well, so asking him the questions about how he's going, and finding out where he lived, because he was on the same train, same station. He said he lived in Epping, and he was just in Chatswood for gym. And then at Central, I also bumped into another friend, so sort of meeting everyone at the same time. And he was the guy I was going to meet for coffee, and then it actually turned out that he was running late, I was running late, so we just had a chat on the bus, explaining how we're doing. We were all sort of ready for uni to finish. Assignments were coming up, so it's sort of, everyone seems pretty busy. Came to my, came to uni about 11.30, had to check, find out, get some understanding about my assignment, but that was just a quick check. And then went to Matthews, where I had a training course, looking at leading Bible studies. That was a group of eight or so. And after that we go to Core Theology, which is on Wednesday at one. A big group, just talking about different theological topics that come up in the Bible. I suppose there's a lot of controversial questions that might occur. And after that, I was meeting up with another guy to read the Bible, just chatting about life, and how's everything going. It was good, good chat. And after that, I went to the civil labs and just worked on my assignment that's due tomorrow. So that time just seemed to go pretty quickly. I didn't have any uni classes, just meeting up with people. So days off uni classes, Wednesday and Friday. I don't go to uni on Friday, I go to uni on Wednesday. I like to have my day off, and I've got other things at Friday afternoon, so I don't really want to go to uni just for the morning. Unless I have something to hand in, like tomorrow. It's a traffic assignment, yeah, just to clarify some things. It was given probably two weeks ago, because I'd tried to figure out what my answer was and then got an answer that was wrong, so just to check if that was wrong, okay. Should be able to finish it today. Like, not as much, less than three hours. Depends how much work I put into it. 20%. During the, yeah, I've been. Some people say it's not so interesting, I think it's interesting. Yep. Because I have to hand it in hard copy, and I have to print it out and come in. I think it's easier to check, just to see if the numbers are right and they're working. Up to the lecturer. No. Just missed the bus, had to walk to the station. Not often. I could have, but it would have been the same time to walk. It was a good day. Not everyday exercise, but I'd like to play sports throughout the week. Yeah, I could say it's exercise. It was okay. Because it was a nice day. Just the having to get up really early just to run, for like walking up the hill is, there's a reason for walking up the hill. To get to the bus stop. 20 minutes. Get up, make sure I get the bus, or walk faster up the hill. Pretty fast pace. I don't know. Five minutes. Yeah, I missed the train and had to wait another 10. Yep. Because I didn't have anything set until 12 o'clock. I didn't, it was not a huge rush to get into uni. I was going to get there and explain that I was late, and happened to be late anyway, so sort of, we're both. It was only last minute to say, are you free tomorrow this time? No. I think it was a spontaneous planning. Spontaneous planning often don't end up being punctual. Yep. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.