 Tuesday I had to go to, Tuesday I went to the Royal North Shore Hospital to check my finger after dislocating it two weeks ago. So just to check up. So I got a lift to St. Leonard's and then walked to this hospital and there I had to wait in line for about half 45 minutes before getting checked up and then got checked up and told me to just keep it moving and got some tape to go over it too. Then I went back to Chatswood and met up with a friend, had coffee and caught up and see how we're going and what we're doing like working and what sort of movies watching, just catching up. And then after that, that was about 11 o'clock, so then I went to uni and I started finishing off another assignment but also watched some NBA pre-season with the league pass, procrastination, and then caught up with my lecturer again to finalise a bit about my thesis topic for next year on transport. So just talking about different ideas, probably related to why people choose different options of transport over public transport, different ways. So we're trying to come up with a topic together. And then had like a lecture with transport, went for two hours, two and a half hours. And then after that with some friends, went down to the Doncaster and had two for one steaks, ordered just the rump steak and it was pretty much good steak. Had chatted for about, I guess we met up. One of the guys was just returned from studying or working in Texas. So he's been back, had good catch up with him and chatting, got driven, left home at about 1030. My appointment was 8.45am and I got there at 10.2am. Left home about quarter past eight, dropped off just outside the hospital in St. Leonard's. No, I was originally going to plan to catch a train, but my parents were driving through, so I got a lift. I think the, I'm not really sure, but I think the start of the checkups is about 9, 8.30am. So everyone wants to get in early to get the first checkup. So it's a bit crowded. I had appointment at 8.45am. Yep. They have a, every time they appointment, they have a highlighted section saying, make sure you have enough the whole morning in case there's a lot of patients. They'd probably be about 15 maybe next time. Yeah. I don't know. I'm going to assume yes. I met him just after 11 o'clock. I might've mentioned I went to uni at 12, but I had coffee from 11 to 12 and then went to uni. I haven't seen him for a while, so it would have been better to have more time, but I had to do stuff at uni, so it was a bit hard to stay around. Scheduled class from 4. I probably could have, I just wanted to work on my assignment again. So it was this Friday, but it's extended till next Friday, but I want to finish it by tomorrow. My first exam's on the Saturday next week, so get it done before, so I get time for study. There was a error in the first upload, so he had to change it and then he re, he changed it after a week, so he gave us another week to study, start. Yeah. And a lot of people had thesis due that day or another assignment due that week, so the load was a bit hard to manage, so it was a good idea. No, not now. Starting next year, yeah. That's, my plan is to start over the summer and yeah, hopefully do some literature review. There'll be surveying and asking people about options they choose, but not like a lab experiment. There'd probably be technical work with modeling on a computer, but no hands-on, yeah. I watched about half an hour maybe, or when the internet stopped, I just pause and go back to my work and then hopefully watch it again, but pre-season, so it's not as, um, not as exciting, I guess. Yep, I think because it's video streaming, it can be a bit slow sometimes. Oh, it was okay. We had, it was the final lecture, so we discussed things about the exam, um, went over some final things we had to know, which I had already done a different class, so it was a bit more of a catch-up. There was only that class. No, just this assignment, nothing else. My, oh, he was excited about the topic, so he's excited about that, and just trying to get the grasp of what exactly will this entail and how we can actually get it to become a research topic. We jointly came up with the idea, I gave him ideas, and he sort of messed together to make a, like a reasonable, tangible one. Just this year, this subject. Yep. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment.