 from yesterday. I got up, I didn't have anything on in the morning so I had a shower, ate breakfast, read a bit of the paper, did the crossword, I had to check my email for things. I had uni at 12 so I came in on the train, got the train into uni. I met up with a friend for lunch and then we went to a CBS core which was in the CLB and we talked about the Trinity. After that we went into an off and I remember now, I was meeting up with a friend to read the Bible so we met just outside the library, chatted for about an hour, this was around lunch time and then after that I had to go back home to tutor so I went back and got home about 4, got the car to drive to tutoring and then we tutored for maths for about an hour and a half and after that came home, went straight to North Sydney where my church meets together and there we had Bible study for about 3 hours with dinner and we went, I finished about 10 o'clock and then I drove home, dropped someone off as well, got home about 10.30 and I think I was pretty exhausted and I've got a bit of a small cold so I went to sleep. And then this morning got up, had uni at 9 so made sure I got up in time. My alarm didn't snooze so I got up a bit late and then I was able to get the car so I drove in, good traffic, wasn't too bad. Parked at Allison Road then walked across to Matthews for my lecture where Johnny's in, Johnny was late though so, and then I came here. Yesterday I woke up at 8, between 8 and 9, I think my alarm was set at 8.49 for Wednesday, I did ok I think, on Thursdays I would but Wednesdays I get about half done, just some of the clues a bit harder. I start with the normal and then do the cryptic. I think the cryptic's more interesting but the quick's easier to do. I think I was doing the Tuesday paper. Tuesday's about the same as Wednesday. Thursday's easy, Monday's pretty easy too. Fridays is impossible so I never attempt Fridays. The people that write it, whoever make up the crossword, they choose harder clues that only they would understand so, for each day of the week so, that's why Friday's always hard, it's the same guy. Not many complete Friday, I think I feel my standard is if you can get one clue done, it's good so, oh no, I just, maybe if I was close to finishing it I might check to see what I did wrong. Not for crosswords but maybe other things. Yep, ah, it can be frustrating when you think it's something and then you realise it's wrong but maybe sometimes. I catch the bus, the bus to the Chatswood station and then from Chatswood I have to catch the train to Central and then catch the 891 from Central. There's one that goes outside my house, 256, but that only goes rarely, once an hour, otherwise I walk up to the main road and catch a 545. The 256 is just the Chatswood loop so it's a smaller loop but the 545 goes all the way to Parramatta and I think the fives represent Parramatta, like West area, and the twos represent the North Shore. That was okay, I think he's Year 9 so he's sort of doing general maths and looking at stats and I hadn't done stats since high school so it's a bit of a learning curve for me as well, relearning curve. I think we're okay, he's got an assignment due on Friday so we looked at that and got most of it done and he seemed to understand what he was doing so that was good. He's very neat, I think I have the same problem, I sometimes want to make sure it's neater rather than actually getting it done properly. I've only started tutoring from the start of this half-way through the year so I'd say he's doing okay, he's doing pretty good. The person who was tutoring beforehand had a full-time work so he couldn't tutor anymore so he asked me to take over. I've been tutoring since first year so about three years, mainly maths but occasionally there's the general homework questions, science, geography. I prefer maths so if they ask I might help them a bit but I like calculus but the guys I tutor are doing general maths so it's not no calculus involved. General algebra, that's good too, I like doing that. Yep, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.