 Um, yesterday I woke up and I really didn't want to get up. I was in one of those moods where thesis was just like, like overpowering. So I'm just like, I am not getting up. Um, so I then was laying in bed. The alarm went off at seven, rewrote it and woke up at, so that was an epic fail of a day. Um, but it was good. Um, and then once I got up, I then was procrastinating watching TV till around about one o'clock. Um, cause I knew I, cause I hadn't started my presentation exactly yet for thesis. I sort of knew what I wanted to say, but I haven't, I didn't actually prepare it. Um, and so yeah, no, it was good because it was sort of relaxing in the morning. Then after that I did some of the presentation, um, and I was doing that till around about five o'clock when then I had to go to a work meeting. So I had to go drive from Sutherland to Bondi. Um, then yesterday I then on the way home from the work meeting, I decided to get some dinner just at Kingsford. And after that I went home and continued to do work on my thesis. And then last night I just couldn't sleep, which was fun. I think it was due to the coffee. Um, just before the work meeting at around about six and it was, no, that was only, I usually stop at around about before three o'clock. Um, main reason I did yesterday cause I knew I had to go home and do some thesis work till about 12 and yeah. And then I don't know the, it wasn't like a mat, it was like a small one and just kept me going I think. And then when I went to bed, I was wide awake for a good two hours laying in bed just going, um, uh, cappuccino. Um, that usually I get a cappuccino or double shot if it's a morning, like I really need one now. I'm not too sure. It could be because I've just had it later than usual than I usually have. So it's sort of, I don't know, maybe at night it's endured longer. I don't know. Um, I do have another one. Um, I got an assignment, a group assignment due for, um, my general education, which is abnormal psychology. Um, that's not too bad. Um, it's a fairly cruisy course and it's not due to the same day as my thesis. So I thought I would just leave it till, um, after the presentation and then say, hey, um, the OC actually, cause I've never actually watched it. I don't know. It was sort of a procrastination thing. Um, cause what was it? I was watching something before that on TV, on the computer. I can't remember what, and then I was looking for something else to watch. Um, and I just stumbled across it. I'm like, okay, I'll watch it. Cause I remember watching a few episodes when I was younger, but I never actually watched the whole thing. No, I watched it online on the computer. Now, yeah, cause I can't stand ads. They drive me nuts. Um, no, it takes a little bit to get into, but there's no ads at all for it. No, there's, there's only sort of, there's like adverts, but there's sort of things that you just get next straight away. It's not like you have to watch a set amount of time, like on YouTube, which is good. Um, not usually. I used to, but not, not the one I've been recently watching, not during the OC. Um, I don't know. I think I could have been exhausted or I just, I think I was overwhelmed as well, by the cases at that time. And I'm just like, I don't want to get up. I'm sort of over it. So I think it was just one of those mornings where as hard as you try, you just can't get up and be on time. And yeah, um, I did. And at the same time I didn't, it was because I think I just needed that sort of relax, uh, relaxed time to myself just to take a bit easier. Um, and sort of, it was good because I could enter, uh, I could enter it with a clear mind again, rather than being all frazzled like I was the day before. So did I just say frazzled? Um, and yeah, so, um, I have it tomorrow morning at about exactly now. So 24 hours. Not really. Um, cause that's why I'm going to go see my supervisor just, um, just my results just to double check what they actually stand mean. So I know when I'm going into it, I know what I'm talking about rather than blah, blah, blah, and then sort of dribble off. That is a good question. I think about 10%. Um, but yeah, I think it's worth 10%. So it's not a hell of a lot. And a lot of it's not really to do with the content. It's more, uh, bits, pieces are, but more how you go about presenting it and present yourself and that sort of stuff. Um, not as yet. I'm hoping I will. Um, I've got some stuff that I could, uh, that I could talk about, but not in it, not, not in its entirety. So I could just need a few more bits and pieces just to make it make a lot more sense, make it more logical in from what was in my introduction to what I need to get to. Uh, for the Gen Ed? Uh, no, I didn't do any of that. Um, I was going to do it tomorrow after the presentations. Um, week 13, Friday. Um, for that, yes, I'm hoping so because I was going, I'll just do it tomorrow evening and Saturday. Cause I'm not doing much. I've specifically left that space free for me, um, to do that. Um, so that I don't let the team down for the group assignment. A T? Uh, no, I didn't. Uh, no, actually, no, I don't. I just prefer normal caps to be honest. Um, I don't know. Cause they, they appear stronger, but I know they're not, they appear stronger and I don't know. I kind of like it just because I don't like sugar in it. Even though I am, I am sort of allergic to chocolate. The chocolate on the top is sort of not enough to affect me, but it sort of just adds that bit of sweetness to it. So a few times, especially if I've had a few during the day. Yep. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, and comment and comment and comment and comment.