 Okay, um, so yesterday I woke up... What time did I wake up yesterday? I don't even remember. Um, I woke up about nine o'clock, um, because I just, I'd submitted my draft to my supervisor uh, the other, on Monday. Um, so I was waking up to wait, uh, to wait for his reply and then I had to fix up my abstract for my thesis. Um, after I did that, it was a lot of sitting around waiting for a reply because he said he was looking at it the night before. Um, anyways, I then got a phone call from work actually and they was trying to harass me to work and I'm like, no, thank you. Um, and yeah, anyways, I got a call from my supervisor at around about one and he got, he gave me all this stuff. Um, he gave me feedback on it. He's like, yeah, it's really good. Um, however, he added these, he wanted me to do all this thing and I kind of flipped out because I think I, you know, when you, you think you're done and you think you're over and then he tells you to do this stuff and then you just like, I don't have time. And then I'm just like, ah, cause I knew I was on a deadline to have it printed by 10 a.m. this morning. If I did it any later than that, um, it wouldn't be printed in time. Now I was initially going to bring it into uni yesterday, but because he told me to add all these things, I didn't get time to. Um, anyway, so all this added work and stress started freaking me out and I was going yelling like a sailor and just getting frustrated. I think I was just getting over it. Um, and anyways, once he, this was at about one and then once it hit about five o'clock, I sort of calmed down and sat down and did it and just sort of kept going and thrashed it out to the end. Um, and yeah, that is essentially it trying to think what else. Um, so I was out last night and quite late. I was up until about three o'clock working on it. Um, just because no, the words weren't coming to me. I was having sporadic mind blanks where nothing was processing in my head. Um, but once I did get on a roll, I usually hammered out a paragraph pretty quickly. Um, and then it would sort of progressively stop. The reason it was so time consuming cause I had to go through, cause he, I think I calmed down actually initially because he said he was going to send me, um, cause he printed it out and then, um, and then wrote on it. And then after that he then scanned it and sent it to me with all the comments on it or via email. Um, and he said he will send that to me and if I completely forgot until like right before five and then he sent it to me. And then once I sort of knew what he was after, it was sort of easier. So what I did was I just had a methodical approach of going from the top to the bottom of what he said and go follow it down at the same pace I was doing mine and add bits where he wrote on the thing to add. Um, and it was just interesting because some of the things that he wrote, um, he said other things as well to me over the phone, which sort of, I'm not the best sort of person to grasp everything over the phone. Like if I'm in person, it's usually things seem to click with me a bit better or like, especially if it's written on a board or something and for me to write down. Um, so I was getting stressed that I'm being, I was missing points that he told me to add into it. Um, I think I did miss one, but I just couldn't think, remember it for the life of me, but it was sort of a concluding thing, which was very sort of, um, under conclude. Well, it wasn't under, it was sort of a bold statement to be making. So I'm kind of, and I'm not a fan of bold statement and my supervisor is no, that's why I didn't write it. I probably would have, if I could remember exactly what it was, it was something about previous works that had been conducted in a similar area. So I was actually, he was, he just talks a million miles per hour. He's sort of similar to me in that I talk quite fast, but he talks quite fast and quite technical. So a lot of it goes straight over my head. Um, when people, when people talk fast and technical, yeah, that's sort of what gets me. If it's sort of fast, if it's fast and sort of is more smooth, a pace, I'm usually okay. Um, because I, cause I thought I, I thought I would remember, it wasn't until afterward I didn't even click, um, until like late last, or until last night about eight o'clock and then I knew he wouldn't get back to me in time. So I just neglect, neglected it. It was like, it was more the fact, the thing was stated in within, um, it was stated via the evidence, but it just wasn't really boldly said this thing is, he didn't take these into consideration. I think actually now that you're talking about it, I think I can sort of remember it, but not the exact wording and the fact I'm more awake. No, um, I did it all at home. Um, just because uni has too many distractions and too many people I know to say hi and get distracted and go wandering and EG contact. Um, that is one evil, evil place of a black hole. Hmm. There are distractions, but I just seem to do, I seem to block them out a little bit better. Like the only distraction there is, is TV and food. Food's a big distraction. Um, no, I was watching, um, I did a cage, I did in the morning and I did when I had flipped out, but other than that, no, hell no, hell no, hell no to a G. Um, I don't even know what that means. I went to sleep, I didn't sleep last night until about four 30. Um, and then I got up this morning, I was planning on getting up at seven 30 because I had to get to the printers. Um, luckily when I got there, there was no line anyway, so it didn't really matter. Um, but then I didn't wake up till around about quarter past eight. Um, so then I sort of rushed to uni and everything. Um, the printers opened at eight 30 and I was hoping to get there then. Um, but then I didn't get there till around about just past nine 30. Yes. Oh, not tomorrow morning. Um, I was hoping from the, because they're quite busy at the moment. Um, usually he's like, they would be able to get it in there by about three 30 and my thing was due at four tomorrow. Um, they can usually get in at three 30, but it's, but they do put on the thing, um, by 4pm because usually it doesn't come in till about then. Um, or it can occasionally come in by then, so they don't want to sort of give you hopes up. So yeah, that was going to be within the two day, which would have been a cheaper cost for the printing. However, there was a more expensive one which got it there by 12 and I thought I'd prefer to pay the additional expense and freaking out about having to get it up there and back, back from King, uh, down the Anzac parade up to the civil building. No. Um, well I paid for them, so if they don't, it's sort of, it could be worse, but that at least, even if it is a bit late, it should at least be there by about three 34. Um, if it's out of my control, I'm assuming it would be, I'll just have to talk to them, the school and all that. So usually, I guess that would be no problem in that. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Comment know, comment tomorrow, comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. They comment no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment.