 Mm-hmm when I wake up yesterday, I slept in for a while I kept waking up going sleep waking up. It was Molly hungover and the light. Oh my god the light. Oh my god and From then I then went in downstairs and watched Because I was staying at a friend's place went downstairs and watched Masterchef because there was nothing else on and what in the Olympics is mildly depressing. Ah So Yeah went downstairs I then his roommate my friend's roommate came down We were just sitting there chatting while watching Masterchef. I went and got food after food one of our Friends came around we had tea and oh my god coffee. That was the best coffee I had because I hadn't had coffee all day. It's like a voltage. It was great And then after that, where did I go after that? Oh, that's right. We didn't walk back to the station. I then went home on The filthy filthy train with all the diseased people which now I think I am sick because of all these diseased people and I sat at home and watch TV for the rest of the night So I had a very uneventful eventful day when I was going to do thesis the entire day. So about that um Well, I initially woke up at around about 730 and then I was in and out of sleep till about 11 And then I got up at 11. I decided it should be stopping so lazy. Um Probably not. I think I would have got too hot and I was feeling gross. So I'm like, yeah, I'm gonna get now Oh, I'm just watching this the fact that Australia I'm getting gold at the moment. Um, but yeah, that's about it really Dave one One at the moment. They haven't won any after that. They've won a lot of silver. So they've won about last I checked about 12 silver Not too sure a few potential reasons I've heard the fact that funding's being cut to the Australian Australian team and also that the A lot of the over a lot of the strong overseas I'm sorry A lot of the in Australian strong coaches are actually coaching the overseas teams as well at the moment um because I know a lot of being a lot of the Australian coaches being coached by a Coaching Chinese because they're getting paid a fair bit because the Australian government isn't paying them high enough. Um, and Yeah, so, um, well that was one of the fun That was one of the things that was done while Kevin Rudd was in politics a while back No comment. Um, I was hoping sort of after hearing about the I was hoping sort of top 10 And that would make very happy. But other than that, I don't know 21 I believe yeah, it's one gold 12 silver and I can't remember how many bronze but a fair few in tote I could probably do the math actually and seven bronze because they've got exactly 20 at the moment No, not really. Like it's very impressive of what they've done It's just looks really bad like it just looks bad on our part But it doesn't at the same time like personally I am happy with what they've done because I've got a lot of silver Especially in the circumstances, but then you've also got a lot of the international side sort of attacking Australia and that being saying that this all loses and whatnot and it's like Well, we don't care but it does the way that the system's set up It sort of does make people that we've got one of the highest Metal rates the highest number of metals, but we just happen to have one of the lowest in gold So just dropping the gold in the system is a bit of a shame One of the lowest in gold so just drops you right down if we get one more gold, for example It jumps us up to 14th. So it goes like pretty massive Just by getting one extra gold sort of thing And yeah, so I just reckon it's unfair in that system But yeah, and it's putting a lot of pressure on to them, which is unfair on the for the athletes Um, they could have potentially one more gold. They all tried their best which is all you can really say I think a few of them did feel a little bit pressured through all the Social medias and whatnot So that sort of with all that pressure and checking it constantly sort of does make you feel a little bit Yeah, but that's only all speculation really no comment I didn't do any thesis work because I probably should have I was tired from the night before But yeah, other than that no comment. No comment. No comment. I did actually What did I have? Pizza. It was good. Mia pizza's $5 cheapest yet dirtiest feed you can have. This morning? Yeah, I had yesterday I had a little bit because I was staying at my friend's place I didn't want to take too much food, but they offered me fruit So I took an apple which was something and coffee can never say no more later in the day Anyways a little bit. Yes. Yes that too Um sort of depends on what time of day if I want a sort of an energy hit I do prefer Coffee if everyone else is having tea I usually will join in have tea Especially later in the afternoon. I'm an afternoon tea person um No, I would have less than that I'll probably have two to three usually most of them usually in the morning slash early afternoon um occasionally very rarely Do more recent times I used to always but all this like within the last 12 months I've been having a lot more than I used to have But it's better than what I used to have I used to have V and all those high sugary Ridiculously crazy stuff, and I'm glad I don't because I do it makes me feel sick afterwards now, which is a good thing So I'm like yeah, no never yeah, yes, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment no comment no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. I comment. No comment I come it No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment. No comment. No comment.