 Um, yesterday I kind of slept in by accident, so that was interesting. I was meant to get up at about 7.30, didn't wake up till about 10, quarter past, so hee-hoo! Um, and after that I then sat on my ass, did thesis. Um, so I was doing thesis from about, aw, what time was it, about 11.30 through to 6. And then I did some more from 8 o'clock through to about 12. Um, and it was really good, I actually did a lot of work that yesterday as well. I did, um, 2,000 words and 10 pages. I smashed out, which I was really happy about. Um, and then I even did some additional analysis, so that was kind of cool. Um, word count is at 7,500. Um, there's no maximum, um, but for my sort of work, about 14,000 to 16,000 is about average. But I do know some people that done 12,000 and that sort of, if it's 12,000 of good work that's usually better than 14,000 or 16,000 of crappy, crappy, crappy work. Waffle. Oh, easily. Um, I haven't even started writing the results section yet. Um, I've got the results, but I haven't actually even started writing it and I'm at 7.5. So I'm assuming the results will at least be another 5,000, I'm hoping. Um, and then, then on top of that, there'll be the discussion and then conclusion. Now the discussion and conclusion I don't think will be that much, but, um, I should be able to nearly get 14. No, I don't think so. And I don't want to be. I don't think it's necessary, especially the work I've done. I think going into too much more detail is not necessary cause it's just, you are literally just waffling on stuff that you've repeated previously. Um, that's just due to my sheer, um, sort of, I was getting, dealing with a lot of the results more so originally, and then it was myself just not getting motivated to properly start and start writing. But once I've started writing, I've sort of powered through it. In the last three days I've done about 5,000 words. Um, I'm hoping Monday, I'm hoping Monday. Um, and at least, well at least draft everything, sort of draft in their own separate sections and then literally all I have to do is sort of combine everything cause they're all at the moment, each chapter is in a different section. So I just have to bring them all together. I've sort of got the title and what not on one, then chapter one, chapter two, chapter three, chapter four. And yeah, so it's just a matter of that, but they're all formatted already. So it's literally just a matter of cutting and pasting. Yes, I am going to get someone to have a look at it. I was hoping to get, um, two people, about two to three people to look at it and then kind of combine all the different things, but I'm not too sure if I will. I'll hopefully get at least two and then combine that. So I was hoping to get one from engineering and one from a non-engineering background. What do you mean? Yeah, well, I would probably do that with the non-engineering, but I'm pretty methodical when it comes to that sort of stuff. That is the one area I've always sort of excelled at. So, um, I'll, the person that I'll, um, the non-engineering one I'll get to look at, I'll see it, does it, um, does it actually make sense? Is it grammatically correct? And if not, hopefully, um, and yeah, then I'll fix it up via that. And then layout wise, I'm fairly fine with that, but I'll get them to just have a look, see if there's any silly sort of weird looking things anywhere. So some are more of an artistical background, I'd say more language. It can be, yeah. Just because of the terminologies used within it and it's areas that not even, um, undergraduates really go into. It's sort of a lot more post, um, post-grad research. So it's becomes quite technical and in depth and equations that never been seen before, um, just because it's dealing with complex things that, yeah, they think, um, they believe is, um, harder for people, um, for the undergrads. You do come across it if you do specific courses in that area apparently, but I didn't actually do any of those courses because the area I wanted to get my thesis in changed. Um, it's still sort of in that area, but it's sort of gone to the other end. I was sort of looking more into the geotechnical, looking at the rock structures and whatnot, um, with, but I do like dealing with hydrology. I don't usually deal with it that much, but it's sort of gone more from to hydrology with geotechnical on the side sort of thing. So, um, I hope not. I've sort of laid it out in a way that should be, if you read it from start to finish, you should hopefully understand it. Um, but if you do just jump from section to section, some things you've, you rely on the information from other sections to get a grasp on what's going on further down the track. So if you read it from start to finish, you should be able to make sense of it. Yes. Um, I have actually passed that on to a few people to look at. Um, so I'll see how that goes. Yes. Yeah. I finished the method last night, so I've met, I emailed actually all three sections together, um, to, I actually, at the moment I've only sent it to my supervisor, but I'm going to send it to a few other people to look at. Um, and that's about it. The other stuff I haven't quite got enough information to warrant. Third section's methodology. So I've, um, literature review. Um, literature review, I've sort of gone more into the technical side of things where the introductions only a short four pages. So it's a four pages on sort of background as into why I've delved into this and whatnot. And then it goes into the technical part of, um, the technical part based on previous works and all that done. And then I go into the methodology, um, where I talk about how I went about deciding this and then it's going to be results. Um, what results are concluded. Then it's going to be discussion based on the previous works in the literature review and how the two sort of correlate and how they compare to one another. And then it's going to be a conclusional statements and recommendations. No, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no, not comment.