 Sunday. Oh, that's a hard one. What did I do on Sunday? I honestly can't remember. Thinking. Sunday. What was Sunday? Oh, I had a big day on Sunday actually. I actually stayed at my friend's place because I had a 21st the night before. So I went to Dini's and stayed there, which was really good. And then we went to Yum Cha that day. I was supposed to do thesis work, but I did a bit, which was good. So I actually did something. But then one of his friends had come from Singapore. So we went to Yum Cha, had lunch with her, and then she wanted to go shopping. So she literally dragged us around the shops and I was the chauffeur for the day. So I was being dragged around that. Went home, watched a bit of TV and went to bed and fell asleep. And I was really tired. It was great. Amazing. Best sleep ever. Yum Cha. Oh, I can't remember. I had spring rolls of some description. I had pork buns. That's an easy one to remember. Salt and pepper squid. Oh, it's making me hungry. What else did I have? Salt and pepper squid. Oh, these taro, deep fried taro. I have no idea what they are, but they're amazing. Why you get me talking about food and making me hungry because it's lunchtime. Yeah. A lot, a lot of food. Uh, Guinea. Um, no, I was happy to let him pretty much go nuts because he seems to pick well when it comes to that sort of food. He knows exactly what he's after. Or I'm so indecisive when it comes to food. I might, I want, I want it all. Just put the whole cart on my plate. I could get very fat very quickly. Um, I wouldn't say I overate. I overate at lunch, but then I usually have snacks throughout the day and I didn't have snacks throughout the day. So it evened itself out. And I reckon it's better having a big lunch than a big dinner. I just think it's better for your metabolism because you're not going to sleep on a full stomach and better for sleeping patterns and all that jazz. But I still have big dinners anyway. Um, I like to get eight hours, but that is optimistic. Um, it's usually about seven. Um, which is still good. Cause in the fact most people I know get like five. So I'm happy with what I can play with really. Um, quite early actually. Um, we always have dinner about six, six 30 in my family. Um, it does. So that's usually why I have just before I go to bed, I have like banana and like fruits and that. So a lot. Um, I have breakfast, which is usually a bit smaller lunch, which can be quite big or quite small, but if that is the case, I usually have like sporadic little snack constantly. You'll see those days, you'll know that I didn't have a big lunch because I will be constantly snacking constantly. Um, and I usually have dessert, dinner, massive dinner, breakfast, dinner, dessert, and then snack. No, not really. Um, it's just, I usually don't have time in the morning. I usually, I always have something. That's one thing I've always forced myself to do, whether or not it's be something as simple as toast or cereal or something like that. I always have something like that. Um, but if I was staying at home, I occasionally have like myself, bacon and eggs. I reckon breakfast is more so, but lunch for me seems to work. It's better than having dinner. I reckon dinner is probably the smallest meal you should have on the day, but yeah, I eat a lot. What do you mean exactly? Quantity. I probably have more breakfast, but that would be about it. That would just require getting up earlier. And I like my sleep as the seven hours says. Yeah. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, comment, no comment, no comment, Like a man, Let it come in, Let it come in, Let it come in