 So on Sunday I got up at 9, did a bit of uni work and cashed up with um, so I cashed up on a bit of uni work and printed out some notes. Afterwards I caught, so I got public transport to Sydney to like legally blonde the musical. At Central we were, we waited for the group of people for almost an hour because they apparently decided to, decided that it's okay to call us because we're meant to leave, meet at 1. So they called us at 1 and go, oh sorry I just missed the train from Anza, great! We're like cool, well um, it's fine if you miss the train, the bus, if the bus is too full but why did you miss the bus at 1 as opposed to quarter to or something. So we waited almost an hour there and then they decided to, let's walk to Star City. I'm like no we're not walking, we're taking the, we're taking the bus or the tram and then, I think they called the train or the tram, I'm not sure. But then they take that. Um, afterwards, so okay everything settled, we had lunch and then we watched the show. The show was amazing, it was so good. But yeah apparently they said, oh it's not as good as the London one, London on America one but it's still good, not bad. After Sunday I had, went home to have family dinner with, well family dinner. It's about 20 people going to dinner because it was mid-autumn festival for, so it's a Chinese like, it's another festive festival. And then Monday was a public holiday, end up going to work for full day, 9, 10 to 5. Double and a half pace, I was happy with that. Afterwards and then Tuesday, Monday night didn't, just relax because full day of work quite tiring. Tuesday, let's see what I did on Tuesday. Oh Tuesday we sold gelato cart, gelato from Red Review as fundraising. Um, yeah skipping ice cream is actually a really difficult job. I'm so glad I did not find, I did not actually end up applying for like New Zealand Naturals when I was in uni as a part time job. I'm like I don't want to do this for like 5 days in a row. It's really cold, very hard to skip but we did end up making a profit. Um, yeah, yeah, no comment, no comment. Am I supposed to answer? When did I start saying no comment? Okay, oh I, yes cause it's just. The ice cream was really cold and so it's pretty much frozen and no matter how much hot water you use, you um dip the scooper in, sorry, it still wouldn't, it still wouldn't come off so you have to use a lot of muscles. And it's just not a very good like position to use muscles, you have to pull the whole thing up and then scoop like that, which has been inconvenient. No we were in a group of the two, me and two other girls. Yeah, yeah but it was like a team job so we just rotated anyway, so two would have been handling food and the other would be handling the money so it's more, so we keep like money separate from food and it's more hygienic that way. But it was also, it was fun cause we were fundraising for society and it was just to finally do something as exec for the society first time after being elected. Seven, so we had three directors and four other producers. Um, yeah, I'm liking my team more and more. I've, um, it depends on the society really but I think for Med Review yes because it's such a big show that we're, it's a big show that we're putting on. In terms of the creative side with the three directors there should be enough but producing all the managing logistics, sponsors, merchandise, booking rooms, money and all that, yes I feel like it's not actually a very big exec, we work quite well together. Self sharing is good unless but sometimes there might be too, too much ideas bouncing around and we can't really reach an agreement so someone really has to step in and go guys we need to decide on something, stop with the ideas or just vote or we'll get each of us to justify why you say so. I'm so glad that it worked out so yeah, it's quite good in terms of for us, um, for our exec this way so yes. We had a, Star City says just the, um, so I think it's three court? No we end up bussing it there, no. They caught the bus from Anzac Parade to meet us. This is really, um, I thought it was really cool just because I really like the movie, I think I watched the movie like three or four times, um, and to see it as a musical it's quite cool just how same, they kept the same storyline but they, um, so instead of seeing it as a movie where you've got the film, the set, the background music supported, they all, everything was, the storyline was pretty much told as a song, um, I'm like wow, cool. Um, same with Wicked and other stuff, I've seen it, I've, the first time I've seen it it's through a musical, whereas Legally Blonde it was actually a movie that I've seen it first, and I didn't actually get to see The Lion King so I wouldn't, I wasn't that fascinated. That's why I thought Legally Blonde was more fascinating and the, the set and quick changes were real, were done really well. I haven't, I've watched the movie but not the musical version so like in terms of people performing it from a movie to transfer to a musical life, Legally Blonde would be the first one and I thought, yeah it was really cool. Turns out they even have this, okay same set, same musical numbers, but same costumes as well for every scene, worldwide, I'm like wow. Did you have an interview? No, I wouldn't say interview, it was just really loud, really loud, everyone was talking at the same time, um, I, I got to catch up with one of, um, a family friend, um, which I haven't seen for like a few months but yeah that was quite, it was quite good how we just got to know what each other were up to. Um. Did you talk to them? I didn't talk to them because they were really, really loud and they were across the table, I did feel like yelling across the table, um, it's, it's just weird because it was, it's on a, it's outside as well, we were at a restaurant and I'm like, this is too loud, we're already really loud, let's not talk across the table. Mooncake? Yes. We end up having, um, so they all, afterwards we all drove back to my place and so we had, um, mooncake there, also like fruits and dessert. Mum? Mm-hmm. It was homemade so we, um, she, she baked a cheesecake but also um, I think it's traditional Chinese like um, just a really soupy, a sweet soup sort of thing. Yes, as for an normal call, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment.