 So yesterday was Wednesday. Okay, so yesterday originally there was meant to be class on, but, um, so I was meant to start at 9, but the class was cancelled because the lecturer was just like, yeah, you guys don't have much to learn, I'll just see you for an hour in your tute, but she didn't tell us until we rocked up to the lecture hall, like, I, part of me thinks like she didn't really prepare for it, she just dismissed us, I was just like, oh, cool, I could have had like three hours of slept in, because my class with her, we don't start until 12, I'm like, thank you, so considerate. Then we end up, so my group partner and I, we just ended up chilling on the quad lawn for a few, for two hours, just had a coffee, catched up and then gossiped about her a little bit, she's so lazy. Our marks from week three, she still hasn't posted it up, and she's just like, I'll get to do it, I'll get to do it, also there are participation marks and everything for that course. Nothing, she's just so lazy. And then we had our class, the class was okay, because we just, she pretty much, so we asked her, when the class started we asked her, oh, how are we going, can we know our presentation marks from week three? She's like, oh, I'll post it up, but if you guys want to know it now, I can let you know. So the whole class, instead of a revision session, it became a she individually giving us feedback for how we've been doing. I was quite happy with my marks for the presentation and class participation. Afterwards, she just highlighted some of the main things we should be aware of in the exam, but the most important thing is, instead of her telling us what's in the exam, she actually told us what we don't actually need to know at all. So it's just like, yeah, anything from week three, inclusive to week seven, don't bother reading it through it. If you have time, read it through, but you don't really need it, which is, I'm thankful she did that, because it saves quite a lot of time for you to study other stuff, but that doesn't change the fact that she was lazy and we didn't get our marks back earlier. And then after that class, I went and drove home. The traffic was good. I managed to get home in about 50 minutes. Went home, had lunch with mum. So we just made a bowl of fruit salad and sat down with her. Then I went to have a bit of a nap, woke up from my nap. I pulled out all four subjects, all my notes from the semester and go, okay, instead of studying, I'll arrange what I need to study for. So now my room is in four neat piles with week one to 13 stuff for each subject. And then wrote up a study plan, which day I need to do what. I haven't actually got any study done, but I feel good. I feel good that the stuff is there and I know what I'm missing and what I have. Then afterwards, my manager called me from work and asked, because she is leaving, she's getting a promotion to, instead of assistant store manager, she's now promoted to store manager and asked whether we could update our availabilities because she really needs people to fill in her spots. How the store works is there's a store manager and two full-timers and all the other people are casuals. We have two casuals that have been there for one month and two that's been there for two weeks. So it's a really new team and she really needs more casual staff just to be there knowing what they're doing and also help guide the new ones a little bit. I said it is my exam, but okay, I'm happy to help out if you really need to have people. So I put down my name as I'm available to work during STUVAC and exam week one where I don't have any exams. But preferably you can roster me on either really early and I could leave early or really late and I could say I don't want to work the full day 9-5. I need some studying time and she's like, that's fine as long as I know you can work. I'm happy to help her out. And then afterwards I also told her since I'm staying in Australia during Christmas, I don't mind if you, I would really appreciate if I get more shifts during it because I don't mind saving some money, especially knowing next year I'll be quite busy with, well, at least for a whole, for a weekend camp and I'll be missing out on the double-pay weekends a bit. I told her, yeah, I'd rather save up a bit. And with producing as well, there'll be maybe two or three weeks that I just flat out I won't be able to work at all. Did that and then, can't remember what happened for, oh, and then for dinner, and then during dinner time I went back to uni to sit through Law Review AGM where they elect the new candidate for Law Review producers and directors. Will, Will DeWaal, he's now the director of Law Review 2013 as you know already. Oh, okay. Yep, and then there are other, so amongst the executive there are other two yellow shirts, like new yellow shirts that were in there. I'm really happy with them, very, very happy for them. And then afterwards I was really tired driving home like, okay, I've had dinner, I'm just going to go home, take a shower and nap, sleep. Had a good eight hours of sleep, came, woke up this morning at about nine, got ready and then drove to uni again. As per usual, there are no parking at 11. I don't understand why. I don't understand why it's week 13, it's a Thursday morning, no one has classes on why are there no parking. Yes, I was trying to park on Doncaster Avenue, there was nothing, the street afterwards, nothing, and then, and then I'm like, okay, I spent five minutes here, I'm going to be late again. So I'm like, okay, car park. So just drove to the K17 car park, got my car down and then just grabbed everything and came here. There were no parking further away and like, by the time I park further away, the time would be like, the time it takes for me to walk from, I don't know, Kingsford around, I'll, like, I can't justify, then why do I need a car, like, driving a car would be adding to my convenience, so I don't need to travel for that much further away. But if I park it away just to save the parking money, I can't justify that. So I'm like, okay, I'll pay for parking and then I'll come home. At uni, no. So maybe once every, every five drives, I need to pay because I can't find a parking spot. But most of the time I'm quite good, like, I'm lucky. No, no, but it was, but they're kind. But we saw a car, it was actually parked in between two car spaces. That's quite cool. Like it was a truck. It just decided it's okay to just park, put it, put your car in, and it's smack bang in the two middle of the car spot. But it's all right, because I mean, not that many students or staff visitors actually uses the car parks in there. They're always, if you go, it's kind of like you can always find a spot in the car park, unlike city car parks, you're kind of, like, you're willing to pay, but you still can't find a spot there. So it's fine. But it was just really funny how he thought it's okay just to, and his truck is not that big. It will fit in a single slot. I don't see how would parking in two spots compared to parking in an, properly in one would make a difference in terms of unloading stuff. No. No, okay. Maybe, but still, OK. to you okay no comments no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment No comment, no comment, no comment.