 So on Sunday we got up, I got up and then got ready, went out and then I was meant to pick up Soochoo and Yvonne from around the area so we can all go to slot 3 together. And it's the Sunday, so it's the day exactly before Soochoo's thesis was due so she got quite stressed and I'm like don't worry hun, I'll take you to uni, you either have a nap or do work in my car, I don't want you driving. And ended up getting her a coffee, went to her place, picked her up and then we went to uni. The drive to uni was really smooth, we got there really early, about half an hour earlier. So that was good, so it gave Soochoo some time to work on her thesis and we set up the room. Once everyone arrived, Wanya revealed the theme to us, so it went for a couple of fake themes and then she told us one theme which is O-Week Dive-In and there's like a really nice sand castle and blue clouds and everything. I'm like cool, that must be the theme and I was thinking, that looks nice on this shirt. We all have our own squad name subsequently and it was Michelle's Manta Rays and then Foo, which is my double squad partner, he was Foo's Floaties. We even have a double squad name called Manties. And then Jeff said, okay it's time for you guys to find your double squadies. We went around lower campus to all the OTs and had to do like really, really tiring workouts, so push-ups, star jumps, cartwheels, taking a porn photo near the naked lady lawn, that was Rob's idea. Lee making us spin, like holding hands, spinning around for 20 seconds and it was too slow, he would stop counting, making sure that we were fast enough. And then afterwards we had to do a waltz for him, that would impress him. It was really, really ridiculous. So, so, but then yeah, we got our double squadies, which was quite cool because I don't know any of them. Like even the return shirts, I think I've spoken to one return shirt out of my four and they really did a good job this year for separating people because I wrote down contact and the three reviews. I didn't get any reviewers, which is, which is quite good. Afterwards we found a double squad and then we did training on different topics, say like conflict, HNS, blah, blah, blah. At the end of the day, Svanya said, okay guys, so just to tell you guys, Diabean is actually a fake theme. And well, at least for Fue and I, we were really upset because we're like, as if we have a really good name and I thought the logo looked good on the shirt. But then, um, Svanya, she said, I won't be as mean as you guys compared to Eric last year. I'll tell you the theme for it this year, but the design and everything, it's not going to be found out until intro barbecue. We're like, okay, fair enough. But still, I like a fake theme. It's cool. Um, and then that was end of slot four, which, um, I went home early that earlier than I would have compared to other slot or yellow shirt stuff. Because, um, again, since you've got a bit emotional, just cause I think she's a bit overwhelmed with everything that's due the next day. Um, we've got a bit teary. So we're like, okay, don't worry. We'll get you home. Um, drive her home. So I, that meant I went home really early. Um, that night had a bit of a chilled night. Um, did some, did some uni work. So that was good. Quite a lot of stuff I've missed out from previous week. Monday was Monday. I had six hours of counting it. Yeah, it was just bad Monday. And then to be honest, I can't remember what happened on Tuesday and Wednesday. No slot three. I liked it a lot. I actually want it to be the actual theme. Yes. I don't, I get it, but I also like, okay, yeah, yeah, I'll, I'll, I'll grow. I'll, it'll grow on me. I liked the first one better. Cause it's all like beachy and sea stuff. Yes. Yes. We were like, yeah, we're the Mantis. Also, so, um, it was Yvonne's volleyballs and Kartini's killer whales. So they called it the killer balls. Um, we had really like some of the things were just really funny. We have Karissa's crabs. Like, okay, some sounds a bit ridiculous, but it's funny. No, I don't think there's anything we can name with a Y. And Yvonne, I think V has the, it's got the heaviest sound. So it's kind of alliteration. Maybe, possibly, unless they can find something like, even with the Y you need the similar sound. I think Yvonne, I think her high school friends call her Yonny. Well, if she's not known for that, maybe not. I can play most of it, but since my double squad partner is Fu, who always works out, every single time people or anyone was like, okay, 10 pushups, he was like, yes, I got this. And he was like, oh, thank you. Cause it's a combined effort. It's not like both of us have to do it. So I'm like, cool. So not everything. So consequently, I was not as sore as some other squad leaders, but it was still really tiring. Sorry. It was nothing for him. I did the cartwheels. Yeah. All those. I did a fair bit. Most of them. So those pushups that where we have to go together and then high five in the middle of a pushup. Yes, I did those. But most of the time when we're like, okay, 10 pushups, Fu would have taken care of all of it. Yes. I don't see why that's a problem. Actually, no, not really. Cause you don't really need pushups for in terms of shirting or squad leading. I try to, though I don't have time. Maybe after exams. Yes. Cause I have that three months of slotting only. Well, doing, yeah, slot stuff. So should have more time to go to the gym. No, cause he freaking goes every second day. I think I don't have that. Well, I have time, but no. So much dedication. I'll go twice a week. Maybe that's a goal for summer, but I don't know. Usually run treadmill. That's an option. I might. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. But the thing is, I won't know which one's right for me. I don't want to hurt myself. Yes. If they match my timetable. Are they not too early in the morning? Yes. I'm not afraid to say that. Yes, I am. Okay. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No, no comment. Oh my guy. Can you bring it? Me It ain't me. No comment.