 This morning I woke up at 8. Quickly had breakfast and then came to uni just on time for my 9 o'clock class, which was Litigation II. Very interesting subject. We learnt about the memory of witnesses, that's right. And our teacher administered a memory test on us where she showed us a series of words. All of them had to do with night time and sleeping and stuff, so the words were like bed, pillow, quilt, dream. They all flashed up on the projector screen. And afterwards she asked us several questions like, she asked us to write down the words we could remember. And then she was like, who remembers the word dream? And then who remembers seeing the word whatever? And the last one was who remembers the word sleep? And a lot of people put their hands up but sleep didn't actually come up, so it was just to prove that even when we're in a pretty good state, it's hard to have a very clear memory. So for witnesses it's even harder and they often misidentify suspects and stuff. That was the most interesting part of that class. After two hours of that I had a Property II class and talked about easements. Not the most interesting of subjects either. We have a really good teacher though, she's really scary, really, really scary. Hates it when she sees people looking at their computer screens and often calls people, but she's really bright. It's a 90 person class, she remembers everyone's name and she did so from week two. So yeah, very smart, very scary teacher. After that, finished that class at one. Had lunch with a few friends in the quad. Luckily the sun came out. One of them just came back from Melbourne where, as we all know, the Swans recently won. So got me a little keychain for the Sydney Swans, that was nice. After lunch I had my contact shift. A lot of people from my Yellow Shirt squad from this year came. So that was nice, like a little reunion. We didn't get any inquiries the whole hour, which would have been the first time that we got zero. But then at the last moment this lady came and asked where to find the college, the School of Art and Design. Which had me a bit confused, but I sent her to Paddington, I hope the wrong place. And yeah, I think, and now I'm here. Thought about it after and I felt a bit bad. But judging by her questions, I'm pretty sure she wanted to go to Paddington. Good question. I think I was a bit rushed because it was already passed and last time you complained about us being late. But yeah, no, that's a good point. I should have called up. I'll call up next time. They were late. No, I haven't called. You mean the two people? Oh, the people who were coming. No, they came as we were leaving. Like, yeah, they were. They weren't sure either. All squad leaders too. Oh, litigation too. In property too. She's a very bright person. Yeah. No, like, whenever you have a question, I guess, she'll ask what your name is. And after that, she'll remember it. And she called the roll once or twice. Yeah. At the start of the semester. Just very smart. Yeah, she's very smart. Very alert. I think she would have done better than most of us. We learnt that witness, the evidence or the information witnesses give is often inaccurate. Especially when identifying witnesses in a parade, you know what we call them, when you line the suspects up and get them to pick one or from photos. And so it's not the best of evidence and you need corroborating evidence or DNA. Yeah, there is because witnesses are often more, juries are more easily convinced or persuaded by witnesses. And it all adds to the case. If you've got useful information, it's always helpful. Yeah, there's a lot of wrongful imprisonments, unfortunately. But they're working on it with DNA and forensic stuff. But that often isn't very reliable either. Or it's hard to get. Pretty poorly. I have a pretty poor memory. Yes. But if you ask me what I did on Saturday, I'd have to take a moment to think. I think a lot of people are a lot more bright or a lot more on the ball than I am. Yes, I did. Yes. Because my expectation was that they would lose. So I had to take a moment to separate that from one of them. Hmm, yeah. Oh, no, it's not. No. Although I do like, I'd say basketball. The pace of the game, the suspenseful moments it brings, the importance of the team. But also it provides opportunities for individuals to really stand out. And also the athleticism that is required in it. I'd say it's slightly different. So, for example, in rugby league, there's less moments of individual brilliance. Although there obviously are, with, you know, Billy Slaters and all that. But just less so. And there's less suspense in, yeah. No. Sorry. Well, I guess if you use the broad definition of the term, I've been a witness many times. But I haven't been a witness in the technical sense of having to give evidence in a court of trial. No comment.