 Yesterday was Sunday, that's right. So I woke up yesterday morning and had breakfast, lazy breakfast, so I chucked a pie in the microwave and while that was being cooked, I got changed and then ate the pie, had my usual cup of Milo and got in my car, or the family car, and went to church. At church, I'm part of the outreach portfolio there, so sort of like yellow shirts, I guess. I do all the welcoming, say hi to people, make people feel welcome, especially new people. We've got a big, strong emphasis on youth at our church, so we have a youth mass, and so yeah, I muck around with the kids, or try to be nice to them and they end up bullying me. You know, you know what kids are. And then we have church, have mass. It was also my turn to help out with the mini cafe we had there, so I brought in some donuts, some cake, some biscuits. Donuts were good. They had these little green stars, really unnatural looking, but tasted really nice. After that, went to lunch. Had Portuguese chicken and rice, good meal, very filling, and just with a few friends. And then after that, went home in late afternoon. Late afternoon is always that time, especially on a Sunday afternoon when you get so tired. I don't know what it is, but so as soon as I got home, I had a shower and had a long nap. I guess it shows my age. So I woke up from my nap, had dinner with my father, and then studied, did readings, my law readings for the rest of the evening, well not really the rest of the evening, for a few hours. And then I finished the day with, I watched a bit of the Olympics, women's basketball. And that was about it. Then went back, went to sleep, which I had a bit of trouble going to sleep since I had the nap, but yeah. At about eight, yeah, about eight. Wait, is this meant to be the no comment part? Okay, what did you say, sorry, what, no. Convenience, in terms of making sure my stomach doesn't grumble in church, yes. For nutritional value and stuff, maybe not. Not as lazy as pie, but yeah, cereals and stuff, yeah. Sorry, because you have to clean the toaster afterwards. Well there's obviously gonna be breadcrumbs and stuff, you gotta shake it all out. Our toaster's not in the open all the time, so you gotta take it out and stuff. And cockroaches and stuff, yeah. And so, yeah, I do have up and go, but it does stop the stomach from grumbling. Breakfast bars, no we don't have any. I don't know, we're not in, yeah. Usually I do, when I'm less lazy, I do eat toast or bread, but yeah. About five minutes, it is quick breakfast, yeah. I think that's why the microwave helps, yeah. Three minutes, enough time to get changed. Yep, maybe a bit longer, but usually I sort of try to wake up as late as possible, so yeah, I don't spend that much time, because of church, which starts at 9.30. But I have to get there at 9.00, for, you know, to set up and help out and stuff, yeah. I guess, like the icing is very, you know, just being very green, like not your usual vegetable green, but more like a color that sort of jumps out at you. But yeah, it tastes really good, you should try it. I think they were from Woolies. No, my father bought them. Cookies, yes, yeah. There's a roster, and pretty much, the person who coordinates it comes when they need someone and asks around. And I got sucked into doing it yesterday, yes. No, I don't know, my definition of a cafe would be just somewhere where you can get coffee and sort of snacks, which is sort of like a service to community. Like people do have to pay, but if you contribute to the cafe, I guess, you don't expect anything back, yeah. About an hour, no, not too long. Not short, not short. A solid nap. Not really long either, but yeah. How often, rarely? I just had some time in the afternoon. I guess during the week I've got work and uni and stuff. No, sometimes like, there's more activities at church, for example, we go out for an outing, rock climbing, that kind of stuff. Sometimes I run a youth session, sort of teach life skills, and that will mean, you know, I get home at four or five, and by the time I'm finished wasting time on Facebook or whatever, it's almost dinner time, and then so that sort of means I don't get the opportunity to nap. But yesterday, yeah, yesterday I got home at an all right time to have a nap. Like how to self-image, confidence, how to get along with parents, relationships, bit of drugs, smoking, that kind of consciousness. Also, of course, we're Catholic, and being a Catholic isn't always the easiest sometimes in society these days. Sort of, you know, what's the big deal about it? And sort of, yeah. You mean as in attendance? Yeah, no, the kids seem to quite like it, and we get about 30, 40 kids, yeah, from about year five or six, all the way till first few years of uni. So at the start, it was mainly a high school sort of youth group, but as the years have gone by, it sort of expanded a bit. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No. No. No. No. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.