 On Saturday I woke up at about 8, I had a quick breakfast of toast and I got dressed and left for Hunter's Hill, Hunter's Hill St Joseph's College because it was the first day of the new basketball season and I ref high school kids as, yes, that's volunteer work for my old high school. First game was at 10, I got there just in time because the traffic was bad. First game was at 10, 14 Es. Yeah, so they were really little kids, really cute and they don't really know what they're doing and then it went from Es to the Ds, Cs, Bs and As. Overall it was a really good day, as in the kids, the kids are always really polite and really obedient and they listen. I really like basketball so watching basketball is good, you just got to remember to blow the whistle when you see stuff. And bonus was the parents were really polite and well behaved. Often the troublemakers are the parents, they get quite feisty and really into the game. But yeah, it was a really good day and like everyone had fun I think and since it was the first game of the season everyone was just a bit rusty but just trying to have fun. So that was that and that was most of the day. Then I went home, had a quick shower because I was smelling pretty bad from all the running. And in the afternoon, or in the evening, I met up with my slot share and we just had a dinner at Juanita's in Kensington and we discussed things like squad reveal, interesting facts we had to talk about for intro barbecue, just random stuff and catching up, getting to know each other better. Yeah, it was nice, I really like my chair, feel very lucky. I think TDS OT did a good job. So yeah, that was dinner, went home, I did a bit of study, tried to catch up a little bit, talked to my dad a bit, finished dinner relatively early at about 8, 8.30 so it wasn't too late when I got home and had a relatively early night because we had church the next morning. And then peanut butter, yes, because it tastes good and it's available in the fridge. No, if you put them together they taste really good. I don't know if you've tried it. I don't know, they get really into the game as well and yes, everyone's allowed to make mistakes except the referees. But yeah, no, last week it was good. Sometimes you see something and you know you should make the call but you hesitate for that fraction of a second and the moment's passed and yeah, you just gotta move on. Just to give back to the school, the school basketball program did a lot for me, I really enjoyed it. Yeah, it's a way to stay involved. Obviously at first everyone coaches the refs and then as we grow older, yes, people start dropping out. So from my grade I think I'm the only one left but a lot of the coaches are old boys as well. Fourteens, just the way they were playing the game, it was really messy. Not in the 14Es, well, that's a bit mean. They can play sport but they're just not very familiar or well practiced in different strategies, formations, that kind of thing. Not very accurately but yes, they can. Yeah, they're better but I mean, they're still quite little. Yeah, yes. So coaching requires a bigger time commitment so you need a day during the week to train them as well as on Saturdays and I didn't have that time available. Five, yes. You can get away with not being fit but I like running and so I guess you have to be sort of, yeah. Like the more lazy coaches, I mean, refs just sort of stand in the same spot but yeah, black and white. No. It's easy to spot, easily distinguishable amongst the players and I guess black and white sort of gives the impression of impartiality. There are. Newington. They're all black stripes and whereas they usually wear just a solid color, black. No, no. Well, with the 14s maybe because I'm generally twice their size and we also stand on the sideline and with the older kids probably because they're more familiar with and they know how to play basketball a bit better and they know to look before they pass it all. I try not to be. I don't know. Sometimes I feel like I am and then I feel like I overcompensate and then I overcompensate but yeah, I try not to be. Sometimes if I see a little kid and I see him putting a lot of effort and he gets blocked or something, I try to reward the effort and I find myself inadvertently blowing the whistle like for a foul to give him free shots or something like that. Yeah. I end up giving a foul but a lot of calls are borderline calls and if the kid was a bit bigger or I probably wouldn't have made the call because I felt sorry for him. No, usually not. I think I'm pretty lucky in that usually I do okay but there's usually two refs and the other schools seem to employ a lot younger refs so they're in their teens as well, 13, 14, 15 years old and they're a bit more inexperienced and usually it's them they complain about and then after a while they complain to me about it and yeah, I just say I'll talk to my colleague about it and we'll keep a close eye on it and yeah, it goes from there. I think at that, even though it is a serious competition, at that age it's more important that they learn the game and enjoy the game as well. Once you get to the older kids like the opens teams, then it is very, very serious and we've got professional referees but especially the 14s, sometimes although it is a competitive competition, the competition isn't our sort of main priority. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment. No Comment.