 So I woke up at about 8.30am. No, I woke up earlier than that on Sunday because it was so cold. I had to curl up into the fetal position, which was the first time I've done that in many years. It made it more difficult by the fact that I was in a sleeping bag. Um, but then other than that, it was alright. I had a good sleep. Um, there was no... I didn't hear any snoring. Um, so I got up properly at about 8.30am and I helped, because we were at camp, um, I helped... It's not moving, is it meant to be moving? Okay. I helped some people... I helped cook breakfast. So there was a bit of... Oh, there was a lot of bacon, eggs and stuff. Um, it was good breakfast. A lot of bacon, yeah. Um, and then after that, we all packed up our tents, which was fun. And then we finished that about 10, 11. Then there was a bit of free time. Then we had a session on... on... um, yellow shirts, like shirts. So that, um, Chris gave that session. And it was about, um, sort of marking criteria. And we also tried out the group activity, which was... which tested teamwork as well as communication. Um, I thought it was quite difficult compared to the year before, but everyone said it was really easy. There you go. Um, after that, Jeff gave us a talk on... on looking after yourself, self-care. Um, interesting stuff, although I've never really paid attention to that stuff. It was about, like, kilojoules and calories. Too much maths. Um, so yeah, hopefully... I'm just gonna try to wing it. And hopefully everything turns out okay. After that, we had lunch, in which... during which myself and a few others cut blindfolds out. We attracted quite a large audience, which has been embarrassing, because we were pretty pathetic at cutting fabric. It's very hard to cut straight lines, I find. But, um, and then after that was slot rally, where we had several... several games, which included, like, um, Chinese charades, a catapult game, minefield, a rock band where teams have to make up a song. It seemed like everyone had fun, so that was nice. Um, after that, pretty much, uh, group photo time, home time. Um, the trip back home this time was a lot, um, a lot more uneventful compared to the trip there, since we didn't have to do any, um, scavenger hunting or anything. Um, yeah, got back, we had KFC at Randwick, because, um, Lee was craving it. Um, then yeah, my dad came and picked myself and Jamie up and took us back home. Tried to do a bit of study, so that I would have done some study during the whole weekend, but it didn't really work out. And went to bed about 12, not too late. About eight hours? Yeah, yes. Not particularly. Wouldn't say I'm particularly deep either, in the middle, between light and deep. Because it was a cold morning. Um, by morning, I mean the early hours of the morning, so like three or four. I'm not sure, I must have slept through the other hour. I woke up at that particular time. Um, tried to curl up at the fetal position, sort of worked. Yeah, warmer than outside. Yeah, it was good, it made me feel, um, tedious, like. Yep, bacon, yes, yep, very. Um, yeah, I did, and a bit of leftovers. No, yes, as a one-off, yes. Pretty much, um, on the first, for example, on the first night, there wasn't that much food. Well, I thought there wasn't that much food. And I was at the very end of the line. So, while I was waiting for the food to cook, the only thing that I could eat was salad. So I had a lot of salad, and then next morning had a lot of meat. So, if you look at the whole weekend like that, it was quite balanced. Oh, there just wasn't that much food. I, yeah, uh, yes. No. Are you saying I'm fat? No, I don't. Uh, no, no, I don't. Um, I think it got to the period where, like, got to the stage where it was sort of dragging on. Everyone's a bit tired and lethargic. It wasn't a bad afternoon, by any means. I felt that one of the tasks, which we had to describe to the other team about, well, we both had, like, separate objects, and we had to describe to the other team what our objects looked like, so they could put it together. I thought, um, it was more complex in terms of the colours they used, and the items that was attached to the box than the previous year. Yes. Yeah. I think marking is very difficult because, um, I feel quite a bit of pressure, because I know from what I experienced from the Yellow Shirt Program, what a good experience it is, and also the fact that, um, pretty much anyone can benefit from it. And the fact that we have to sort of choose or, you know, eliminate some people and sort of deprive them of the opportunity, even though they would also benefit a lot from it, is difficult. Well, yeah, I guess, yeah, I'll just have to stay as objective as I can, and try to mark to the best of my ability. Yep. Um, no particular highlight. I think it was all quite good. Okay. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.