 On Sunday from the time I woke up I watched YouTube and then I was gonna go in uni around two o'clock for a for law review for taking photos for them, but they rescheduled so What I do after that I think I watched some TV caught up with some of the Olympics and then headed to uni around four o'clock and then At uni I was helping out setting up the photos for the Monday exhibition for lens life and and the photo book Exhibition for us and also helping out setting up a few other things for arts week including paintings and all sorts of things and then that finished around Clock and then I went home had dinner and then I watched more more TV. This is Olympics was on I remember watching the basketball at around 11 midnight at some time like that and after the basketball I slept around 12 1 o'clock pretty lazy sleeping late Because I had a big I was out late on Saturday And so I didn't have any big commitments on Sunday. So I started sleeping and got home around 2 2 ish 10 hours. Oh, yeah roughly around Yeah, right off as soon as I got home. It's around 2 or 3 o'clock around 12 in between 12 to 1 sometime I don't actually remember What me what's YouTube? because I wanted to catch up on some my subscriptions a lot of channels and Yeah, it was just I was just something to do between the time that I woke up and two o'clock Which I was supposed to be I was supposed to take photos for law review like group photos No 4 p.m. Was last week. I said 2 o'clock with law review and then I said because Because they're rescheduled. I said hope no two hours and then then I went to uni at four o'clock for us Mike the director of law review messaged me around 1 30 1 o'clock 1 30 I think it's because they didn't have everyone there and they just weren't prepared and I think they're scheduled for another day I'm not sure they didn't schedule with me. So they scheduled with Vincent or something. They originally asked me to do it because I don't think he was available on Sunday But I think they found a time where they could have worked together Mmm, not really. I I told him I told the director that I didn't have any commitments on that day So I could have come in or I could not have come in. So no, it wasn't really annoyed then I Might have been annoyed if I live far away. No, if I if I was on the way or something and yeah, I don't think it was strictly professional, but the way that all the good friends of mine, so It wasn't really it it was just more of a favor so I didn't really mind I I guess so Well considering that it was only like a photo and It wasn't really big hassle to me either way. No Remember, but I know what she Olympics sometime and during that night Yes I don't remember I was I think I was just streaming through channels I guess get through some time. Yes I don't know if I don't depend on you. How do you find watch? For P was at uni. I was at the roundhouse and I met some of the other guys who were helping helping me and We'd all sorts of things we we had to put We printed out the photos and we had to stick them onto Foam cores for the backs and then had to hang them off the top floor of the roundhouse So we had to organize the tags organize the fishing line and the tape and everything well, I wasn't in charge but I'm one of the executives for the photo club and we got asked to help with the lens life competition I was more just helping on the Sunday You mean if the photo club didn't help? Well, if we didn't help then the Arts Week volunteers would have to would have have to done it would have have to do it Um sort of they were helping us cutting out a few things and pasting it on but we did all the printing and Buying all the required things personally or as a photo club Only a few hours probably 10 20 hours sort of in a way that we kind of just got thrust upon it and It was it was hard to say no because it was part of arc and we're part of the union as well So when they asked us do you want to help us? We're like, yes sure. But um, this is the first time we collaborated with them. And so We wished well looking back at it now. We wish there was been more formality in terms of who's doing what and Just a bit more Information of what's happening. Yes Well, I guess I guess it was sort of a hassle because we had to do more than what we thought we were doing but because I think we're a really good team and we were able to I guess split the jobs and things we had to do between each other and we were quite flexible with it So and he worked out in the end, so it worked out Mm-hmm. Yep. No comment no comment no comment. No comment no comment no comment no comment No comment or No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.