 Yesterday morning, yesterday was Sunday. Um, I woke up around 11, 12-ish. Good sleeping. Um, what did I do? I woke up and helped my mom. She had a few chores to do. I had to drive her around a few places. Um, then came back. And then, um, I did an online assessment, which I was for, um, a Westpac internship. Took like an hour. Then it was dinner time. Had dinner. Then turned on to the Olympics. Watched a few events. Um, and then I made sure to sleep early because I knew I wouldn't wake up the next day because it was the 100 metre semifinals and finals. And that's pretty much all I did. Oh, I cleaned up. I cleaned up. Cleaned up the house. My brother was cleaning up the house, so I helped him a lot. And we spent a few hours just rearranging the furniture and throwing out the garbage and stuff. Um, drove her to the shops to pick up a few groceries. So that's about a 10-minute drive from my place. Um, drove her there. She'd picked up a few groceries and then had to go to Mascot, um, which was another 10, 15 minutes. And then her mum had to sort a few things out and then went back home. Yep. Yep. Uh, so from my place into Gardiners Road, which is the one next to Manzook Parade. And that's to the local shopping centre in East Lakes. And then going to Mascot is basically further down the road of Bunurong. Um, not Bunurong. Uh, Gardiners Road. Um, going down Gardiners Road, that's to Mascot. And then back up my place. Could I have one? Um, could have gone to East Gardens, which is also quite close. Um, it's a bit further, but it's a bigger shopping centre. But because we were just getting a few groceries, um, this place is closer. So...because it's, um... There's not much in Kensington in terms of shopping. Um, in East Lakes, there's, like, uh, Woolworths and, um...and there's a fruit market and there's an Aldi's as well. So, um, Kensington's a bit more hard to get to cos there's less parking around the area and it's a bit further from my place. Sorry, Kensington. I thought you were... Yeah, Kensington's... There's nothing in Kensington. But there is stuff in Mooroobara, but it's further down. Um, Rare Week is, um, also a popular spot where you go shopping. But, um, East Lakes is the closest. And so, because we were just picking a few groceries, that was the closest option. Driving about five to... about 10 minutes, about five minutes. Yep. It's basically about... As soon as you get to Garners Road, it's about 400, 500 metres down and towards East Lakes. So, literally a two-minute drive. I went to Woolworths and the fruit market. Um, yes, depending on... depending on what stuff you need to pick up. So, my mum was cooking dinner, so we just picked up a few fresh groceries and some fruit and veggies. So, um, I don't know. My mum just felt like going to Woolworths. Sorry. Um, not especially, so that's why we didn't go. Um, it went pretty well. It was like a 60-minute, 70-minute thing. Um, a variety of questions. Um, mostly there was one for literacy, one for numeracy, and the third one was, uh, pattern... patterns. And that one was a bit crazy because, um, there was 20 questions. The first three or four were quite straightforward. There was about three or four symbols which you had to spot the pattern. But then the last 10 questions had about six, seven symbols, which had all different sorts of patterns. They had to work it out, work out which was the next pattern. And that was pretty tricky. I don't think I answered some of them. I just kind of guessed. But, uh, I tried my best, so... Yeah, so it was about a minute of questions. So, if I had more time, probably could have done it. But with a minute, trying to look at six different patterns, it's pretty tricky, so... Yeah, I... I hope so. Yeah, I believe so. I was applying for an internship at Westpac for corporate and institutional banking. Um, every time I apply for a different internship. Uh, well, I applied for Deloitte about a month ago. So I had to do an online assessment for that too. Two, actually. So, yeah. That's the only one I've done, so... apart from this one. Um, I got offered a partner interview, but unfortunately, um, basically the partner interview was on Thursday. On Wednesday morning, they called me up and saying, Hi, Johan, this is from the recruitment team from Deloitte. Unfortunately, someone's taken the last spot of the intake. And so it was a bit unfair to me cos I went through the whole assessment process. And I basically got in, but unfortunately, someone... someone took the last spot. So... And, um, the other... the other places that were offering, I wasn't as interested in terms of the service lines. So I decided I'll just apply elsewhere. Um, well, the thing was, the dedicated HR person, his name was John, um, he was actually on leave for that week. So his manager, her name's Anna, actually called me instead. And so I was supposed to hear from John about my partner interview, but instead she called me and... and told me that, um, yeah. So she was very... she was very friendly and she told me, you know, um, have you looked at other options? She tried to guide me in terms of what I want to do. Unfortunately, there wasn't a, um, a service line that I was really interested in or that she could offer me. So, unfortunately, we couldn't be working together. Um, not especially, but I'm actually... I actually want to call, um, the HR person because I know that, um, IB applications for investment banking are basically in, like, this is the interview stage now. And also a lot of... a lot of the institutional banks, like Westpac that I applied for, are also opening up positions now. And so if there's a chance that, um, someone drops out of the program, I'm able to get the spot. So looking forward to calling him this week, actually. Uh, it was the semifinals of 445. I didn't actually wake up for that because, uh, I woke up in bed, but then I was like, oh, I think I'll wait another two hours. So I did wake up for the finals, which was at 645. So, yeah, just quickly got out of bed, turned on the TV, watched it, then went back to sleep. But, um, it was pretty exciting. It was really good. Uh, really good race. How, um, about half an hour. I think I woke around 640, just in time for it. And the race was around, I don't remember the specific time. And then, as soon as I was finished, had a drink of water and went to bed. It was 9.63 seconds, I believe. Hah! OK? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Uh, no comment. No comment. No comment. Uh, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.