 Saturday. I woke up at around 8 on Saturday in the morning and then had a quick shower, had some breakfast, which is a lemon cupcake. And then I drove to the Sydney International Shooting Centre, which is in Cecil Park, where I coach Rafa shooting. And I was there till about 4, 3, 4 o'clock. Then I drove home, got back home around 5, just after 5, and then had dinner, and then watched Suits. Then I went to sleep. There were some leftovers from the week before. My mum actually made these for my cousin. I think she was in the mood to bake one. Yeah, relatively. Medium to large. Just milk. It depends how you look at it, but breakfast too. Well, I just needed something quick and yeah, I think milk and cupcake was the easiest option. Pretty quick. Probably a couple of minutes. It's in Cecil Park, which is west, so towards Parramatta, that area. So, along the Western Highway. I drove about an hour. I took the M5 until King George's Road. Then I didn't want to take the toll, so I went onto Canterbury and Milleparay Road, which runs alongside the M5. And eventually onto Elizabeth Drive, which is a long road that goes all the way down to the place. Not really. It was sort of a Saturday morning, so it wasn't as much traffic as on a weekday. It was pretty light traffic along the whole way. Nope. No. Because there's not really any train stations or bus stops around the area. Sort of in the middle of nowhere. I'd either get a lift from a friend, from another coach, or I could take the school bus, but there's only a limited number of spaces, so depending on the number of students going each week, usually I just drive. Well, they all catch the bus, or most of them anyway. So the school provides a bus for them to use. About this week, there was about 30, 30 to 40, and about 20 of them were returning shooters, and about more than 20 were new shooters. So they're actually doing a safety test during the day. I think it's because it's transitioning to the summer season of sport, and so some of the kids signed up, and so we have to conduct a safety test for them to get their licence. There's a theory part to it, where you have to answer a few questions related to, it's all about safety really, and there's a practical component where you have to demonstrate to an instructor that you can, for example, hand a rifle safely to another person, know when it should be pointed at all times, and also how to stand, sorry, how to shoot in the prone position, kneeling, and standing. So there's a variety of other things as well. So they learn on the day, so they go through a safety course run by an instructor, it goes for about an hour or two hours, and then they do their test and then they do the practical session. Well, I was supervising the other ones, but they were on the side of me. What we did was, we went through a sort of practice run beforehand, and so that really helped them in the testing stages, because during the practice we can kind of give them feedback and tell them exactly, guide them what they have to do, and then when they get tested they're by themselves, but mostly remembered what we told them. Not to my knowledge, no I didn't. First time I was in nine, eight, nine years ago, eight years ago. Oh, do you mean this weekend? No, I was, I'd been shooting for eight years. I was a coach, so as again, I said there was like 20 returning students and 20 new ones. So with the returning ones, me and along with three other coaches, we basically, firstly make sure they adhere to the safety rules, and a lot of supervision, plus also more of a training and coaching role. So, guiding them through their processes, giving them feedback on what can be improved, sharing experiences about testing wind and winding your shots, etc. If there's, in a football ring, which is in an open area, wind can definitely affect where your shot goes. So, can they go right, left, up, down. And so judging, reading flags and seeing where they fly, you actually have to adjust, you can adjust on the rifle to how far the bullet goes, sort of compensating for the wind. Fans may be my bad, but there are a couple of ones with a bit of an attitude, but they all respect us as coaches, and if you tell them to do something, they basically always listen to us. And we also want to create more of a fun environment too, so we don't mind some of these, sometimes when we have a bit of fun, but when it comes to, for example, when you're on the mound, when you're about to shoot, that's all quite serious. So, oh, just laziness sometimes, I guess. When we ask them, do you want to shoot again, some of them are like, oh, no, I'll shoot later, or no, I'm too lazy, or something like that. Or it's like, oh, I don't want to shoot because I'm going to get a bad score. So a bit of, I guess, not believing in themselves as much, stuff like that. Quite competitive, because we're one of the better teams out there, in terms of high school teams especially. And so we try to create a quite competitive, but also a team-based sort of environment. So we're all competing with each other, but at the end of the day, we're all competing against the other schools. So, okay.