 Okay, around 10am and I didn't have uni till 3pm. So I woke up relatively earlier than I'd have to because I had to finish off an assignment, or at least try to finish off an assignment. So I tried to do a lot of research and typed up some of it. So I did that for a couple of hours, had lunch, and then went back to my assignment for another hour and then went to uni around 2-2.30pm. And then I was teaching at 3pm so I taught my class till 4pm. I went back a bit to answer a few questions from students. And then I met up with some friends in ASB, got a phone call from one of my employers, and that's till today, till now. Nope, it's for a job that I'm doing in the summer. Well, not yet, but yeah, soon to be. Depending on when I have to go to uni usually. I usually try to wake up around 10-11pm. That's usually a reasonable wake up time for me. If it needs to be early, it's usually 4pm or something. Yeah, so if I sleep late, then I usually wake up around 10-11pm. If it's early, then I'll wake up a bit earlier, like 5am. Around 10am, so about 5 hours of sleep. Probably not the optimum amount, but it was enough to, I guess, refresh my mind and continue my assignment. A little bit, but once I rolled out it was okay. Yeah, I feel alright. Not yet. I've got two assignments, so out of both of them, I've probably finished about 60% combined. One's done like 3 out of 4 questions, so I just got to do the last bit. And the other assignment I've done about a bit more than half, because they're sort of ongoing. It's group work as well, so it's not only myself. So I had to collaborate with my team members. Yeah, actually. I'm probably the one that's not pulling my weight enough, as in on time. Nope, we've been randomly allocated. Nope, so far so good. I've sort of taken the lead with it, so I'm the one who is compiling and editing people's work, and sort of making it into something that flows in succinct. Do I not like being a leader? No. I don't not like being a leader, as in I don't mind not being a leader. It just depends on the circumstances. It was actually sort of probably... Well, the group sort of... When we started to allocate the jobs, everyone sort of picked something, and then I didn't mind whatever I had, because I thought I'd be able to do it anyway. And so I was left with the final question. So I was like, well, that takes the most, I guess, collaborative effort. I need to know what other people are saying to actually do a proper answer to that question. So it led me to sort of got people, like them working to do their part, so then I could do my part, because it would be hard for me to do my part without seeing other people's parts. So I guess inevitably, because how we spread the workload, I was sort of relying on them. So that's why I was sort of like a leader in that regard. There are assignments just in pairs, so it's just me and another person. One is we sort of shared it, so it was more of a collaborative effort, because there's only two of us, so we just... We did sort of parts of it, and then we gave feedback to each other, and sort of bring it together, because I think both of us had the other assignment as well. And also another different topic, which is due next Tuesday. So we decided, well, those ones are actually worth more than waiting, so concentrate on those more, and we'll sort of do this assignment now. Probably the one with the three or four questions one, and then the other one. Probably take about two or three hours. Yeah, probably not. Probably send it to my team members just to look over. Everything's okay, just print it off and hand in. Probably three, four hours. Hopefully not too late. Probably not. I prefer not to. Probably after midnight, but... Well, depending on how much I want to check over it, I guess. It was pretty good. A good turnout. And yeah, it was pretty similar to what other weeks were. Nope. This is sort of like a... Like, for them, it's optional for them to attend. So the attendance ranges from, like, no one to a lot of people. But I tend to get a lot of people in my class, so lots of talking, lots of discussion throughout the class. I guess people like my teaching methods. Sorry. Yeah, I guess so. Like, a lot of them tend to bring their friends along. Like, especially if they've gone in an earlier week, and then the next week I see two of their friends come along as well. So it probably is, yeah, to a certain degree, word of mouth. Well, there's about the same number of people. It's around 30 people. So... Well, not really, actually. Compared to semester one, it's different, because there's a lot less people doing the course. In semester one, there's actually a huge influx of students. So in semester one, you'd expect a lot of people during the exam times who just want to go there for quick revision. But semester two tends to get students who... Some of them are a bit more dedicated to actually attending on a regular basis. Probably because not everyone's... In semester one, just because there's so many people, they just sort of... I guess probably from word of mouth, it's like, oh, let's go check it out for a week or something. But they have, like, support from their friends and stuff, whereas semester two, you might not get enough people like that. So people are more individual. And if they want to do well or are having trouble, they come along. Yeah, but that definitely might be the case too. Newcomen