 I woke up yesterday at around 11. I got to uni around 12, so I had a shower, had some breakfast, came to uni around 12. And then had a meeting at 1, so I got to uni around 12, 12.30 I think. Just walked around for a bit and then went to the meeting at 1 at the library. I was at the meeting for about until 2 o'clock. Then I went to a lecture at 2 o'clock. The lecture only lasted for 40 minutes out of the 2 hours because it was the last lecture and there wasn't much to say. And I was actually doing a presentation at 4 o'clock, so my group and I, off lecture, we just sat down and went through some of the slides and sort of prepared. And then we did that for about half an hour. Then we went to the lecture, sorry we went to the tutorial at 4 o'clock. There were three groups presenting, so over the course of the hour we were listening to people and also presenting ourselves. This is one of our major assignments. And then afterwards from 5 to 6, went to my office and sort of had to prep a few things for a meeting I was having at 6 o'clock and also for an AGM which I'm having today. And then had the board meeting at 6 o'clock until 7. And then afterwards I went to dinner at one of the local hotels because it was my dad's birthday and then I went home. And then I also had another meeting over Skype that night and that went for about 2 hours. So it was a pretty long meeting but it was a very important one. And then I slept afterwards. It was because it was quite urgent and pertained to important matters regarding relationships between our society and a different uni society. It was a bit of financial issues and it's quite a large amount so that's why we had to sort it out preferably soon pretty much. We're having final negotiations today or tonight. Sort of trust issues mostly, sort of, yep. It wasn't entirely his fault but it was sort of a combination of not having, for example, not having strict, like a written out contract. It was more of, again, over Skype sort of trusting. So it was sort of our fault in that regard too. I understand where he was coming from but I still thought that that person should have made it a bit clearer in his intentions. That's birthday today. Yesterday was my brother's girlfriend's birthday. Yesterday we went to just to a Chinese restaurant and yesterday we went to a local hotel which does like steaks and stuff. It started 2 days ago on Monday. Yes, Monday. It depends on the week I guess but usually, yeah. So I have another birthday on Friday and Saturday as well. I think they have other things planned. On that day it was, we were the third group to present. There were three groups presenting on that day. It's called an annual general meeting and it's where we sort of have a report over the last year, bring in the new, sort of the new executive for the next year and also discuss constitutional changes that need to be made or are proposed. Not really. I'm only nervous because we need quite a lot of people there. That's the only thing. Yeah, I think we should. It's sort of like on the back of my mind. Well, it's just that I'm not worried that we're going to meet the quota of the meeting but the quota to make constitutional changes is double that. So it's definitely at least need people there. Well, our board is already aware of it and we've posted up, we've emailed everyone on the mailing list and we've also posted it up in our Facebook groups, etc, social media. We've also told, I've also told the board to sort of bring their friends along or bring the, bring people who they think want to know more about BSOC and more about society and more about to get involved, etc. Well, there's no vote, there is voting for constitutional changes. They just need to be a member of the society. Yes. Yep. No, I assume not only from BSOC, I assume there's other people from, I assume they have friends from other places as well. Not all their friends but the way that our society works is that it's a constituent society so anyone who's a business student is, can be a member and can then has voting rights. Yes, technically yes. They're not in our system but they're a member if they don't register, I mean. They're registered by contacting us to be on the mailing list, that's the main point. Because we send like important emails and notifications, etc. through email. Just a few things, a couple of things pertaining to, I guess little technicalities in the constitution where which we just want to make clear just so that there's no discrepancies or anything. Yes, I think it is necessary. Having discussed the changes already with the board, we were all in favour or we were in favour to propose a change at the AGM. Nope, it only lasted for about 40 minutes. Not usually, it's just that it was the last week and he didn't really have any content to teach so it was just sort of receiving feedback for the year or for the semester. That was the main point of the lecture, giving feedback to the lecturer. Because this course is sort of, it's very open and broad, there's no set theory to align. So it's called Critical Thinking and Analysis so it's like, it's very conceptual sort of theory. So any feedback to make it better and actually he was taking in that in the lecture. We already had an exam three weeks ago, it's like a take-home exam, two, three days for him to do an essay. So it's just that in the major assignment we had pretty much, this exam. Yep, so we finished, I finished one course already so it's... No comment