 Sunday, woke up around 10, 10.30, had some breakfast, actually no I didn't have breakfast, well because it was, yeah I didn't have breakfast, had a shower and then went to uni around 11.15 and then had to meet Pete, had to meet someone because I had to go through relevant experiences with him for something to do with selections and then selections started at 12. We were given lunch, which is why I didn't have breakfast. Lunch was Chinese food, which was awesome. And then we went through selections from 12 to around 11.30 at night, so it was about 11.5 to 12 hours of being inside a room and discussing people. And then I went home and then I fell asleep because I knew we were having lunch, getting lunch at like 12. Because it was already like late enough that I wasn't hungry and I figured I'd have lunch. I had one box, I had the noodles and then there was continuous snacks from that time till about midnight, so yeah we were never hungry at any point. No we didn't, so dinner was sort of scones and snacks. I don't think anyone was hungry at the time, I think we were all tired and we were all sort of full from eating all this stuff during the day. Not really, I just sort of wanted to go home. But I don't think it was the food that really made us tired. There were scones with jam and cream, there was like a platter with cheese and spinach thing sort of pastry sort of things, there was crackers and tuna paste, there was cheesecake, there was lots of different sorts of chips, there was chocolate, there was a whole selection of different snacks. I had mostly everything. I didn't have any of the cheesecake, that's probably only it. And the cross kits because they ran out. Because there was no spoons. One of the other people using a knife and just sort of dug into it, dig into it and ate it. Not really, I was okay. I like my mum's cheesecake, sort of. Not as, yeah it depends which one. There's non-baked and baked cheesecake. Well the non-baked one is pretty simple but a lot of timing is the issue there. Baked cheesecake, it's again ingredients and timing. So I've helped my mum make a cheesecake before but I haven't made one by myself. So New York style baked cheesecake. New York style means cookie base coming to the sides and usually fresh fruit or chocolate on top. I think it's just the look of it. It's baked to where it's a little bit brown, so it's sort of like the cheese makes sort of like a layer on the outside compared to just cheese. And I think the type of cheese is a bit different too. Well the one, you use cream cheese obviously but there's certain types of cream cheese that react differently to baking. I had the combination chow mein. No, the person who brought the food in had a whole selection of meals to choose from. There was saute chicken, Singapore noodles, beef rice noodles, fried rice, combination noodles and some other rice and sort of meat dishes which I don't remember. I had the noodles but then one of the other people couldn't finish theirs so I had some of theirs. Oh because there was plenty to choose from and it was sort of, yeah, everyone had a pretty good choice. And we did sort of share and mix and match here and there because we used chopsticks. There were plastic forks but there weren't many. I think we threw them out after we ate lunch because it was sort of eating and then throwing everything out. So it sort of all got thrown out, cheesecake. Sorry? Yes, if there's a recycling option, yes. So if there's a bin there, that's a recycling bin, then I would make the conscious effort to recycle. If there isn't then I would just throw it away. Had plenty and plenty of water. Yes, there were two big jugs of water and we basically finished it by midnight. I didn't think I needed it. Not really, I think it was fine. As long as you're hydrated and I think all the sugar and other things kept you awake. I wasn't that tired. I was sort of, I still wanted to do, start my presentation which I had the next day. But when I got home, sort of had a shower then went to bed, sat on my bed and was like ah, I was too tired so I slept. I slept from about 1 I think till about 9.30. So yeah, that was actually pretty good sleep. Seven hours on average. No, I don't think I was tired. I was more mentally tired just from a lot of thinking rather than physically tired. Yes. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.