 I woke up on say at around 6.30. I iced the cupcakes that I baked the night before in preparation for a camp that I was going to on the weekend, the whole weekend. And so I spent about half an hour icing, getting ready and then icing the cupcakes. And then I got to uni, which was a meeting point at around 8, 8 o'clock. And we were there for about half an hour and then we left from there to the place we were going to, which is Katai National Park. We did a bit of a scavenger hunt in our cars and so we went to different places, stopped at farms and stopped at all sorts of things trying to collect points for our scavenger hunt. And then we arrived at the place. It was sort of like a training camp slash getting to know the other people you're working with. And so we spent a lot of time training, of course, and also a lot of time bonding with each other. And I was part of the, I was sort of part of the organizing team for the camp. So I helped out a lot with the food and some of the logistics of it. Yeah, I don't remember the whole day, but there was a mix of training and a bit of free time and then there was also lunch and dinner as well. And then at night time, we spent a lot of time, we did a few night activities. We also sat around the campfire or around a fire and just bonded, drank some hot chocolate, marshmallows. We also set up tents as well during the day. Apart from that, that's basically the whole day. The highlight of the day was probably seeing how people enjoyed my cupcakes during lunchtime, after lunchtime, because I wanted to, because I wanted to, I guess it was sort of, I was in the mood sort of to bake some cupcakes and the people that I was working with, they all like baked goods. So I thought I'd try and bake something. It took me about an hour or two hours beforehand, I mean the night before. I was actually at 21st on Friday and so it was sort of, I came home at around midnight and then I baked it and then yeah, let it cool down before I iced it. I made lemon and vanilla cupcakes with buttercream and then I also made some chocolate cupcakes. It was two flavours, so it was lemon vanilla, it was like one, and chocolate was on the other. Not really, it was sort of just because it was two batches, so instead of making two batches of the same thing, it was two batches of different flavours. The icing was pretty easy, it was just sugar and egg white and butter, so it was just, I just made it quick, whipped it up in the morning and then just spread it on the cake. When I feel like it. So not really that often, it depends if I have time, yeah, that's pretty much it. I made 30 altogether, so I think it was about, roughly half half, I believe so. What did I think of? Of course they tasted nice. My mum's actually a pastry chef, well she was a pastry chef, and so she helped me a lot with the ingredients and recipes and stuff. So I just sort of followed my mum's guidelines. Um, not really, just um, I think the most important thing is just the quantities of different things, so sugar and flour and egg for example, the correct ratio and quantity. And um, yeah. The only hard thing is the, because the oven I have at home isn't fan forced, so it's a bit of a struggle getting an even heat and also, yeah, getting an even distribution of heat around the oven. Oh well, you keep an eye on it, and once you see it's suddenly getting brown on that side, you kind of flip it over so you get the brown on the other side too. Well it's sort of the uneven, the uneven distribution is sort of like in one corner, rather than up and down, so it's more about rotating the tray. Usually you just judge it by eye, but it's probably about every five minutes. Yes. Then I'd probably open the door and take out the cupcakes, see how they're going and put it back in. Um, there's some rumours probably surrounding how, I think the major disadvantage of that is actually the heat. So rather than having oxygen, it's more about how there's cold air going into the baking process, rather than having consistent, like at 200 degrees for example. It's roughly about 10 to 15 minutes, but it depends on the size of the cupcakes. Also depends on the flavour obviously, so chocolate and vanilla cupcakes are a bit different. And so again, it's all done by eye usually. The vanilla one takes a bit longer. I'm not actually sure exactly why, but yeah I think it's to do with the ratios of flour, egg and sugar. Um, yeah, and the chocolate and stuff. I use chocolate. Yep, so milk chocolate and a bain-marie and then mix it in with the sugar and flour and egg. Um, cause real chocolate tastes better. But I did add a bit of, I did a bit of chocolate powder, but it was mostly chocolate. The cocoa powder is more just to add a little bit more different flavour, so varying flavours and take unique tastes I guess. For baking, I probably prefer real chocolate, especially if it's good chocolate, cause it's like the couverture chocolate. It melts really well and blends well with the sugar and flour. No, no, you melt it first and then you mix it in. Yep, probably the vanilla and lemon, lemon vanilla cupcakes. Um, they're a bit more fluffier and a bit more moist. The chocolate, I might have possibly put too much flour, so it was, um, it was real tasty, but um, after the next day it was a bit, uh, a bit drier than the other one. Uh, no, I think it was just a bit too much flour. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment