 I woke up on Sunday. I woke up on Sunday really, really late. We had our poster on on Saturday night. So we woke up like what, really, really hungover and at like 11.45, like 10 minutes before rehearsal started. Ah, what else did we do? Ah, that day's really vague. I am. So we went to our rehearsals at 12 and we like tried all the sketches that we had and we gave them a shot and we had some sketch blocks, we did a dance block. It was a pretty good day. I was kind of lazy. We didn't end up doing much. And then after that we had a show run through. So we go through the entire show and all of like the different things, like all of the show items that we need to do. So all the dances, all the a cappella pieces, all the sketches, we go through those. Um, I don't have enough. Oh, that finished at like, so I'm seeing now like 11.30 or like 10.30. And then after that we had an hour of practice for a cappella. And then we ended up going home and like I'm crashing at Gary's house. So like I'm sleeping there and I ended up going home with Laura, like to Gary's house. She drove me there. And like, we ended up just staying there and just talking about random stuff all night until like two in the morning, which is probably a ridiculous idea considering I only got like an hour of sleep the night before, but it was pretty fun. Hmm. How much more do you need to know? Did I sleep much? Which night? Sunday night? Uh, much more. I slept about 10 hours. It's pretty good. Yes. I probably should have slept more. I was on like an hour of sleep the night before. Cause we ended up staying up late. Like, um, what happened was, is we had post run, which was at UC and we got really, really drunk and we stayed out till like two in the morning. And so I got back at like two 30 kind of thing. I'm crashing on the bed with all these other people. And then, um, everyone was really drunk and two people started making out. Yeah, I know. It's pretty awkward. Anyway, the point is, so they started doing that. So like I'm lying there and I'm like, do we have, I had one person buffer between me and them and I'm like, Oh, it's kind of okay. But then someone came to the door, it was Tony Tang. So like I had to go get the door and like open the door and he's like, Oh, there's not a space here. I'm just going to go home. Is that right? Um, yeah. So I'm just like, yeah, he's going to go home. That's cool. I come back and I've lost my spot. And then like, I'm the buffer between the two people. So at that point I'm just like, eh, stuff that I'm going to go sleep in Gary's room. Um, I think I just wanted someone close by to stay. Cause he lives in like, he lives a bit further away. He is socials head. Um, from what I've heard about it, you organize all the social events, you organize like theme reveal, poster run, drinks for the first party, final party. There's a road trip afterwards, a couple of things like that. Cause we had nothing to do. Like we, we had to rehearse, but it was, everyone was really, really tired. So everyone just like, they're just like, they didn't push the sketch blocks as much as they should have or could have. No comment. Um, nothing really. I think it was a pretty good idea. Um, cause yeah, people wouldn't have been able to try very hard. How long? Two weeks. It's happened before. Yes or no? Do you need to keep your cast morale up? Uh, definitely more so than if they got pushed. Yes. With reason. With reason. Uh, pretty well. You can't enforce relax. It doesn't work like that. I was very, I was naff. Not bad. I only have, uh, I've got a minute in the first one and I've got two minutes in the second one. Uh, yeah. They're not lead roles. They're major roles in the sketches, but just a sketch. Um, acapella. Yes. No. Not really sure. Large. Hmm. Uh, 48. Audition. Um, either you can do it or you can't. So if you can't do it, then it's going to be really difficult. If you can't do it, then it would be easier. Uh, I'm going to say yeah. Hmm. Don't even, don't even know what you're asking anymore. Yeah. Yes. Uh, they wouldn't get in cause it's normally eight. Okay. Yes. Uh, Sunday. 12? 11.30? Oh, we finish showrun. Uh, practice acapella. We had acapella rehearsals. Um, Swanya. She's a very talented singer and she's vocal director. Um, I think we did a much better. We were shocking for, cause we hadn't practiced in a few days. So this practice was considerably better. Hmm. Um, not bad. Our biggest problem was that people were sick rather than losing a last, last, last, last. Yeah. Uh, yeah. Practice. It's like the timbre goes down, but after practicing, your control goes. For this piece, I need a few more practices. It should be, I don't know, about seven, four, like review. Oh, like one, two, all of them now. We only got like one day off this week. Thursday. We got Monday off last. Hmm. Not that often. Uh, yeah. Once in a while. It's okay. Not as good. Yup. One, two, three. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment,