 I went to volunteer for a dance festival. That was kind of cool. So like that day I rocked up at about four o'clock and they were just letting people in through the doors and then that volunteer shift went to about 10 30 at night. They had like a showcase of Australia best Australia's best dance crew and so me and a friend were ushering backstage for the whole show then. So we were like getting performers on and off stage and giving them cues and stuff like that and yeah after that went home. Saturday did pretty much the same thing. Oh no, Saturday was my day off for volunteering but they give volunteer free access to workshops. So we ended up going to some workshops and we ended up trying to learn some choreo. Turns out we're really bad dancers. It's really hard to learn like really good choreo. So we did that and then um oh yeah I ended up leaving early on Saturday. A couple of my friends stayed behind because there was another solo showcase slash competition happening. Um yeah I just went home and I slept at about 7 30 ish and I woke up next morning at like seven o'clock in the morning. It's pretty good sleep. It's like 12 hours long and then after that woke up on Sunday went to an early morning volunteer shift from like 8am to 3 8pm and yeah just kind of like sat around in some workshops helped some of the choreographers some of the performers with like mics and water and stuff like that. Handed out pamphlets and then came home and did nothing. I heard about it from a friend because I kind of like dancing. It's quite fun and I'd like to learn how to do it properly like as opposed to just being like spastic. Um couple of styles. They taught a whole bunch of like different um well they had their own choreo so they taught like about four five counts of eight over the space of an hour. So we just learned a whole bunch of different styles. There's like one guy that taught um jazz funk commercial. Another person taught like hip-hop. Another person taught contemporary. So we went to like a few classes like that. So we learned a few styles. Uh in learning? Yeah not bad. No not yet. Yeah. Uh chilling at home? Yeah. Yeah not really. No class. No job. Um not much. Just woke up at about what 10. I left at about 2 p.m to get there on time. So in those four hours I just cleaned my room for a little bit. Lazed around sat on the computer. Listened to some music. I did something. Just lazy stuff. It kind of does but when you put on music it's kind of fun. It's lazy. Yeah. I don't know. Most of them just involve having music in the background. Changes depending on my mood. See on Saturday night when I was sleeping. On a Saturday night when I came home early I just went down I like lied down on the carpet and I put on some classical jazz piano or something. Ended up falling asleep to that. So that was pretty good. Other times it's kind of like I don't know techno house. I don't know what you call it. Owl city. What was I listening to? No I was listening to Owl City actually. I don't know what genre they are. Yeah um I haven't found one that I don't like yet. Except for heavy metal. Yeah I go through phases. I haven't liked heavy metal yet. Don't see the appeal. I've tried listening to it. Don't get me wrong. But didn't appeal to me. Well it just sounds like noise. You could but it's got a beat. Mmm it's got less of a focus on a beat. Because it's got less of a focus on a beat. What do you mean? Yeah yep it does. It does have a focus on a beat. It's not my one criteria for liking music. Yeah it doesn't have a focus on a beat. Um not much. I learned a lot of programs aren't as organized as yellow shirts. That was an interesting find. We had to stuff bags and put them on chairs and it was not organized at all. They're just like here's some pamphlets check it on. Oh wait there's already bags there. Oh some bags have some stuff in it but you need to take some stuff out and put other stuff in. We're like okay that's cool we can do that. Instructions? Yeah instructions are good. Yeah um improving what they were telling us? Nothing because it was way too late. Um what we ended up doing is we had about about five med reviewers there. So we kind of got together we put a system together. So we had one person sitting there and like organizing the pamphlets putting them in pairs. Uh we had another person going through and cleaning up all the stuff off the floor and just putting them on the chair right. Like all the pamphlets that were left from the day before. And we had me and another person go through and we were taking those paired up pamphlets that the one person was putting together and putting them in the back. When we came across the seat with like pamphlets on top already we just put them all inside the bag because we figured somebody had taken them. I was pretty proud of that. We got through like 400 chairs. I don't know I guess they've never considered giving this much organization like this much thought to organizing stuff before. Um like I'm guessing like they say Kate the person who was in charge of it she's done a few things like this and she's also had about three years experience volunteering at the same festival. But I'm guessing they've never like they've always just done the same thing. Like they've always just told people oh here put these things in the bag and like people go ahead and do it so it gets done so there's no point making it better. Like if the job gets done it doesn't really make a difference to them I guess. Um not yet figured I'd email her rather than straight off soon. Um I don't know just give advice in terms of well I didn't really end up doing much else that needed serious feedback. That to me just the the bags on the chairs thing that annoyed me a little bit. So I figured I'd just email her telling her about basically a guideline of how we do stuffing day for Yellowshirt and hopefully get that done. Because like if they just pre-organize the um show bags before putting them on the chairs it'd just save a lot a lot of effort. Yeah I don't know nobody ever likes feedback. Okay. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No