 What did I do? All right, okay, so I woke up at home. That was kind of nice. I haven't been sleeping at home in a while. So I woke up at home, had a shower, realized I was late, and ended up taking the car to go to Law Review casting. So it's like a day where we all try out for all the different roles that we had and stuff like that. That was pretty fun. And we, what, I got there at like two o'clock. Oh no, no, no, right before then, I had to help a friend make a video for a friend's birthday party. So like, I went to his place, he lives near Coogee, and like, we had this great idea of making a video where like, I would, we'd film ourselves talking about her, and then we'd also like, give a speech in front of the video so it'd look like we're talking to ourselves in the video. It was a really cool idea. We didn't, it didn't pan out. It didn't pan out at all, because we had like two hours to film it and edit it. So we tried that, and we put something together that wasn't too bad. And then after that, I had casting day. So that was from like two to about 4.35-ish. And then after that, I had to leave halfway through casting day to go to that friend's birthday party. So it was like a really, really last minute kind of video kind of thing. And so we went to, I went to the birthday party, and that was really fun. She's like a family friend of mine. I've known her since she was like one year old. She was like absolutely adorable. She's the most innocent kind of person you'll ever meet, and she's quite clueless. So her 21st was quite interesting, because it was kind of like, all the stories came out where she's just done like ridiculous, silly things, and we're just like, hehehe, that's kind of cute. So I went to that, and we gave our speech. We ended up going first. It just kind of worked out better, because like, we didn't get much of a chance to plan it out. So we went first, and it was pretty good. We got some laughs, it wasn't too bad. And then after that, all the other speeches came out, and they were really good. They were like really, really good. Like her dad got up and spoke, and her dad was absolutely a cracker. He's one of the funniest people ever. Oh, what else was there? Yeah, so it was those speeches. And then after that, we ended up like what, dancing for a while. There was free drinks, so we drank a little bit. And I got my dad to drop me back off at like rehearsals. And like, I got him to drop me back off at like the MSR, but then I found out nobody was at the MSR, so I'm like, oh, okay, cool. I'll go back to Scriven's house, and I shouldn't be saying names, should I? Nah. So I went back to the G-spot, as it's called, colloquially. And I got my dad to drop me off there. And I'm like, hey, can you let me inside? And he's like, oh, yeah, we're still back at uni. And I'm like, oh, okay, cool, that's all right. I ended up walking back, because apparently he'd lost his tire. Not lost it, but it had gotten popped. You can't lose a tire that easy. So it had gotten popped somehow, and it was really kind of confusing how it happened. But yeah, so came back, and I helped him with the tire. Well, I didn't actually. They'd finished it by the time I got there. We went back, and then I fell asleep at like two in the morning, after chatting for a while. It was a pretty cool day. Hmm, I wanna say like 10, no, much later. Like, if I don't have class, it's like 11, 12, one-ish. I've been known to sleep until 6 p.m. Not actually sleep, but just lie down in bed, be lazy. Because I've woken up earlier as well. 10 a.m. is like an early wake-up time, if I'm not doing anything. Otherwise, it's quite late. Because it's not, I haven't crashed at home in a while. It's been quite a while. So I've been sleeping at the G-spot for the last three weeks. Yeah, I'm not sure they've named it that, because it's, I don't know, there's Gary, Alex, and Simon. So it's like G-A-S, and they have some sort of acronym that I really don't understand, but that's what they've gone for. Oh, and it's, they live at Randwick, which is, that roundabout is called The Spot. I think that might have something to do with it. My O looked really loud on that. Yeah, I guess so. That's not its place. They're splitting the rent, so I'm assuming they have split ownership. Seems really awkward to incorporate three names. I'm fairly sure it is incorporating three names. With a G, I guess not. Hmm, casting went okay. I guess trying out for roles, not quite. I just sort of tried out for whatever was there. Because when I was there, they only got through about five sketches, so I tried out for like four of them. Yeah, they give you a script, and they just go, hey, act this out however you want to, and you can decide to put a character on, or you can just, I don't know, read a blank, or read however the script says it. Not great, it's not one of my greater talents. Yeah, yeah, like trying to. I'd like to say yes, but I really can't say, unless I watch myself in a mirror, which I don't. No comment. I'm not too sure. I talked to Gary afterwards. He said they were okay. Oh, well, they try and balance out the roles. So everybody gets the same amount of roles. If like one person gets two major roles, another person might get four or five minor roles. I don't know, a bit of a touchy subject. In med review, everyone got roles, regardless of. Some people were just suited to better roles than other people. The people that weren't suited to any roles, well, I wasn't part of the decision-making process or anything like that, but I guess it was because, they got other roles. Yeah, if you really want to and you're an enthusiast. We have a lot of people with a lot of. Law review doesn't, from what I've been told, they don't limit cast. So med review, haven't they? Yep, decision-making process. So like in the first two weeks of review, they talk to people during rehearsals and they just go, hey, why do you want to do a review? What do you think to get out of it? What do you, blah, blah, blah, some other questions like that. And then at the end of the second week, they had an exec meeting. So those all seven of them, they got together and you basically needed a no from a majority of them or something like that to get someone out of cast, basically. I wouldn't, I wouldn't, no, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment.