 Well, yesterday I woke up at about 12 o'clock, had a really long sleep, and then I ate some food. I didn't have any class. So after that I waited for my parents to get home so I could get the car because I was going to go watch like Med Show. And like Med Show started about 7 o'clock, so before that we met up for like dinner and drink. And then after that we went to Med Show and it was quite a lot of fun because like they have so much talent in the show, like all the singing roles and stuff like that, and all the dancers. They had about three specialized dancers and then three generic dancers, and then they had two acapella pieces. And it was just like really, really good to watch. I was watching some of the singers and they're fantastic. There's this really tall white girl, her name is Gemma. She's amazing. She's one of the best singers I've ever heard. Like she's projecting through the science theater with like no effort whatsoever. And then afterwards I found out that that's her when she's lost her voice. So I was like, wow, she's phenomenal. And then all of the dancers. And then we'd like, um, so I went with law review people, but there was a few med review people there. And like when we went there, we knew like about 15, 20 people in show. So the whole time we were just like yelling out names. We're like, John, Richard, Jason. Oh my God. And we'd like try to heckle people and it was pretty fun until like, um, okay. So we got to the end of the first act and the whole time we were just like yelling out names. Well, like me and the med reviewers were yelling out names. The law review people, they were like shouting out heckles once in a while. And they'd just be like, that's what she said, jokes, kind of stuff like that. And like, some of them were good. Some of them were really bad heckles. And then like at the end of the first act, Chung Ho comes over and he's just like, guys, shut up. Seriously, guys, keep it down. You're ruining the show for everyone. And he was like, it's really hard to take him seriously when he's angry. It's quite funny to see, but it was like, I'm like, is he being serious or is he not being serious? Is he being serious or is he not? It's like, after that, it was just like all the med reviewers just yelling out names, nothing else. Roughly the law review crowd in general, because we were interspersed. We were, no. We stopped with the heckles. We kept on with the name yelling. No, it's amazing. Wait, tell me off or when they, no, I liked it. It's kind of like, you know that there's people in the audience who know you. See, for instance, for med review, I was doing the opening number and all of my law review cast from last year was there. And like during the opening number, they just kept yelling out my name like the whole time for like almost the entire song. And then we went off stage and they were still yelling out my name. And I'm sitting backstage. I'm like, oh my God, this is amazing. Cause there's like 50 people still yelling my name. Yeah. Cause we weren't helping the show for other people. A little bit, a little bit. Not at all. I feel like shouting out names puts on a better show. Cause like it helps the actors and actresses put on a better show. No, I avoid that. Um, it kind of was. Once in a while, but then like that happens every time you have a big crowd there anyway. It's rude, but it's expected. When you, when you put on a show anyway, you're pretty much taught not to talk over lines. Cause it's what you can't control the audience and it's your own lines that you're throwing out there. You've got more control over them than the audience. Yeah. It happens. Are you suggesting everyone stays quiet for the whole show? Oh, we don't interrupt. As in like, okay, see, I know not to interrupt. I know like the med reviewers know not to interrupt because we are at names after or before or something like that. We allow like constructive heckles in between line. It's really quite a strategic act. I was very strategic. Everyone got told off. I was strategic. Yes. I don't know what you're having trouble with. Um, some of the other law people are quite loud, not to mention very drunk, like incredibly drunk. And the heckles are quite different. The law reviewers. Um, yeah, from memory they did too. Didn't do too bad. No, they do it cause it's fun. They don't know them. Not to mention they were kind of annoyed at Med Show cause Med Show posted over our posters during their post. Gluon posters? Uh, no. Oh, this is, um, I should explain. We have a poster run at another location and there's been posters there that have been there since years and years and years ago. Like for instance, there's posters there from, I think Med Reviews Spider Man show from 04 or 05 or something like that. So like there's like what this year's Lion King posters up there too. And they posted over some of those. It's uncouth. A few of them. Didn't know what? Well, no, it's kind of implied. Not a clue. Cause I don't know. Didn't bother asking. Cause I didn't know anyone that actually went on that poster run. I didn't find out. I figured they would have mentioned that or something. So I just assumed nobody went on that, but I knew. Probably not. This is my favorite bit. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment!