 Alright, so I woke up, woke up a little bit late, had to run for the bus, run for the train, got to class 11 to 1. After that, I was going to go promote with some people for a CSE review, but then I ended up going with and meeting up with a few friends that I haven't seen in a long time. And so we, what do we do? Oh, we just sat around for like an hour, then I had to go to the library to go pick up a tripod for another friend. And when we were up there, me and Andrew, we bumped into a third one of our friends who we haven't seen in a long time. The three of us spent like two hours talking, just about random stuff. It's kind of funny. I told them my plans about wanting to build a castle. They told me their plans about wanting to go to England and become lords. Because apparently you can get that title if you just spend about 40 bucks, you can get a ceremony done where you become a lord or a lady. It's pretty incredible. Just some little stuff like that. After that, we, yeah, after that, yeah, nothing else. That's the end of my day because we left at about four o'clock. I woke up late because I slept in. I slept all of yesterday. I ended up sleeping late this morning as well. Um, I think I was just oversleeping. It's not bad. Yeah, pretty sure. I mean, it can't hurt. You're lying there comatose. It's not huge stress on your body. Uh, yeah. Now. Oh, no, no, no. Breakfast. About half. And then I ran for the train. Then I ran for the train. Uh, because I was running late. Because I was going to be just on time. And then right before leaving, I decided to have like a cup of hot chocolate. It's probably a bad idea, but it was really good for my run, which kind of helped. But I wouldn't have needed the run if I didn't need the hot chocolate. So it could have worked out either way. I was running out of time because I could have made it. I'm a whole collection of bad, poor choices. Yeah, because I need to put the mug away. I don't want to. That's actually my background. It's not. Yeah. Uh, about an hour or so. Yes, because they come every half an hour. If I miss it, I'm late for my class. Substantially late. I have. I did last week. Uh, slept in. Um, normally I do, but I'm not too fussed about it. I know the latest I can wake up. Uh, 8.40. Yeah. No. Well, I caught it to Central and then I caught a bus. The 8.91. I always make the... Uh, no. Not this time. No. Uh, no. No. I think I just got there like right after the peak hour for the hour. Because there's like a peak every hour. I think I got there just after. Yep. Uh, not bad. But I haven't done it today. Not today. Oh, I'm referring to the times I did promote. Uh, about three times. I met up with a few friends. About three hours. Apparently you just go to their town hall and you can apply for it or something like that. Or it might not even be the town hall. It could be something else. Pardon? A title. No, it's a title. It's like being called a doc. Just the title. Not without the actual degree. It'd be interesting. I'd like to be able to put that down when I apply for like a bank account. Uh, yeah. Well, other uses as well, but mostly for the name. Because I get knighted. No, it's when you become a sir. Right. As in like when you get appointed that title for a particular reason. I suspect there's something to do with like counties and various other things. No, it's how you become a count. Ah, no. Never been to England. Oh, I was picking her up for a friend. I don't know. She needs it later on. She wanted me to go pick her off. Pick it up off her brother. Tripods. The three-legged things from a library. I wouldn't have a clue. More importantly, this one's her one. Yes. Never been. I do. Not that often. I haven't read a book in a long time. Uh, oh, actually, yeah. No, I have been to the library. But it's mostly just to get textbooks. It's from the high use collection. So I just sit in the library, borrow it, walk back in after two hours. It's one of the things that I want to do if I become a millionaire. As in, I just want to buy like an eight acre property out in Richmond or something. And then just build stone by stone, just build a castle. Live in it. What's the fun in that? This is you. See, the selling point for this was I always sell this to people by telling them it's going to have a moat. I think somebody will. If I'm willing to build it, I'm assuming there's got to be at least one other person out there willing to buy it. I don't know, because I haven't seen anything like it. More importantly, this is more for myself than any. At some point, yeah. If the offers are high enough. Millionaire's not a lot of money. Um, wouldn't mind. It's a lot of money, mind you. Build more castle. Oh, I don't know. I don't know if I have that much money. I actually don't know. OK, sure. This should be good. No comment.