 Well, I woke up at about 10, 11 o'clock, and then I went to uni where I was playing in the Triwizard Tournament. So it's like a Quidditch competition, and it's between, oh, I forget which uni, but this time I think we had University of Newcastle and Macquarie Uni come down. So it was just like a bunch of friendly matches, and we just played each other. I got there a little late. So I got there just at the end of the first game, which I missed, but I heard we won that, which was kinda cool. I came, I played the second game, and that was a really, really good game, because that was the first time I'd ever played in a long time, and I was quite unfit, but I still ran around, did some stuff, defended. So the way the game works is that there's beaters and chasers, and there's a keeper and a seeker. So I was playing as a beater for the most of it, which is like, it's really, really strategic play. It's less running than a chaser, but it's still really, really strategic, and it's kinda like, you need to think about what you're doing, and you need to work with your other beater. So I was playing in that role. That was pretty fun. And then, so what happened was, is that they were a pretty good team. They were apparently the best team out of us three. And by the end of it, it's like, we got to the end of the game, and we're like, yeah, we've lost, bummer. It's a bit of a pity. So we're like, three cheers! Three cheers for Newcastle. Hip hip hooray, hip hip hooray, hip hip hooray. And then at the end of that, the ref's like, I don't know why you guys are cheering. It's a tie. We have to go into overtime. So I'm like, okay, cool, cool, cool. Had a five minute break, had a team plan set out. We were gonna be like, we're gonna send one of the beaters after the seeker, after their seeker, because the game, in this circumstance, goes for as long as the snitch is out and about. The snitch is actually a person, and they're like, I don't know, they can do whatever they want. They just can be really, really evasive. They can tackle other seekers and stuff like that. So the game goes as long as they run around. So what we did is we sent one of our beaters to go chase after them, after the other person's seeker, because we really wanted the point. And so we had that happening, which means we were gonna be really weak in defense, because we'd only have one beater left behind for the rest of the chases. So our plan was just to outrun them as fast as we could. So it was just like, the beater and seeker go after the snitch. The other beater, all he does is he focuses on one guy, because one guy on their team was really, really good. So we got him to focus on that guy. And the rest of the chasers was just to run and play teamwork kind of thing, and just barge through them. So we get to the start, the snitch goes away, and then the ref's like, brooms up, which is the start thing. And at that point, what happens is, apparently I'm the fastest chaser that we had left behind. So I sprinted forward and I grabbed, I got to the ball first, I ran around their first player. They had no more players, because they were all way too spread out. So I ran around that guy, I ran around the keeper, I ran behind the hoops, and I'm about to go and throw it and score. And then there was a giant cheer that goes up from outside, and I look over, and apparently we've caught the snitch already, it's been eight seconds into overtime, we've already won the first game. It's pretty cool, so we won that game. And the third one, we kind of lost, because they had an even better player on that one, he was phenomenally good. As in, I was playing beater in that game, and in defense, it's kind of like you throw it, right? And if it hits the other player, they've got to drop whatever they're holding, and then run back to the post. So it's like a refresh. Every time, normally you wait till they get a bit closer before you throw it, get closer to your goal posts. So it's kind of like they have to run back further. But every time we waited, he just threw it, and long distance, get it into the hoops, we're like, what the freak? He's got such good aim. So we ended up losing that game. I don't actually know what ended up happening, because I had to leave early. Slept in. Yes, not quite. It's very much of like a casual thing. Like at the moment, they just, they'll take whoever they can get. I went last year, they had an introduction day. So I went and played then, and that was just like a way to try out the game. And then after that, they had a competition like a week after, I'm like, yeah, I'm free, I can come to that. And then after that, I kind of signed up to the group, and I've been getting email. Yeah, you need like three girls on the field at a time. Pretty good. There's one girl on like the Macquarie team who was intensely terrifying. She's a bit of a bigger girl, and when she builds up speed, it's kind of hard to stop her. So it's like, yeah, they do well. Yeah. No. Yeah. Hold it really high up. It's not like it's ankle tapping. And it's not like a full broomstick either, I should point out. They're like about a meter long or something. Yeah. And you have to keep it there, otherwise you're out of the game. Yeah, no. Seriously, try it sometime. It's not that hard. I was telling this to like a bunch of friends on Sunday night as well. I'm like, it's really not that hard. I don't see like why there's so many questions about it. One of my friends couldn't get over the whole broomstick idea. During my second match? The second match, yeah. Well, the beaters had to work like together, right? But it's not just that, it's kind of like you need to really pick and choose where you throw the ball. Cause like you can essentially, you could just throw it at whoever there is, right? And like what you throw it, it'll bounce off and you run and pick it up and you throw it again. But that's kind of like a six year old's way of playing soccer. You just run at the ball and kick it. It's kind of like, you need to be a bit more strategic than that and pick targets and pick times and everything like that. Hmm. Only tie the game. They had faster chases, but our beaters work together better. Genetic? Probably should. That's a really good way to do it. But it's kind of like, it's still a fringe game at this society. Like seeing everyone's reaction when you tell them you play Quidditch with a broom between your legs. It's kind of like, uh, yeah. Excited about the game. Excited about playing? No. They're like, so wait, you're playing brooms? That like, that's legitimately the reaction I've had like 10 times. Nope. I keep telling them to. Up to now? About four times? Hmm. It's an okay game, but it's kind of hard to set up. You need about six hoops. You need broomsticks. You need balls. You need enough people to get it to work. And everyone needs to be surprisingly fit because otherwise the game just kind of falls on it. Uh, yeah. Well, we have sub. And on top of that, if you're not that fit, you can kind of just sub off or you can kind of rely and take breaks between the thing. It's kind of like, it's like, imagine like a really, really fast game of basketball. You can commit yourself to it a hundred percent and it'll wear you down a lot. Or you can do like a sprint and then take a break in defense or something like that. Yeah. Yeah, I do that too. Except instead of taking a break in defense, I just sub off. Because I figure somebody else with fresh legs wants, you kind of do. Because then you need them to recover quick enough or have a team of like 50 people. We had four subs, three sub, I forget. It changed. Yeah. You don't need to be fit to play. Oh no, I was talking about the brooms and the hoops. You asked about it together. Okay. So you're just like, so why don't you play more often? And I was like, oh, cause you need to get brooms and all that kind of stuff. Also, you need to be like a little bit fit and it's a bit hard to do. And you're like, oh, so those are the requirements. Like being fit. Not really. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.