 What did I do when I woke up on Friday? I barely remember that day. Oh no, I just sat home. I did nothing, that was like my first day off. Ah, because I had an assignment due on Thursday. I was to make a poster for a litigation thing. Interestingly, on cross-examination. So coming up with really, really piercing questions for people. I'm not sure, they may just do it for, I'm not even sure why. Supposed to be like an academic poster of some sort, but I don't think it came across like that. Yeah, one of those ones. Kind of, but there's more like a 30% mid-semester assignment. Um, mostly things about cross-examination. Like they gave us one of three quotes, we had to pick one, analyze it in terms of statutes and the kinds of cases that we observed. Um, couple of lines. Ah, it was mostly like a block format. Cause like, essentially, they wouldn't want us using pictures because they want everything referenced. We can't just source images off the internet kind of thing. I had this idea of using comic strips about the credibility of witnesses kind of thing, but then I realized all of them were copyrighted. So it kind of wouldn't have been okay if I used, ah yeah, in terms of, I'm not even sure. It did, but it was surprisingly blank in terms of presentation, what we needed to do. Like the example they gave was for us to make like an academic poster, but we weren't really given much guidance in that. Never in my life. Not that I'm aware of. Not even sure. Pardon? I assume put it up inside the lecturer's home so she can wake up to it every- Probably not. Cause I don't imagine they were very high quality work. If they're just worth 30%, not many people are going to- Effort. Not to mention there's no kind of new knowledge created in them whatsoever. Most of it's just derivative work from the text. From what I'm aware of, she's done it every year for the past two years. Like, did they learn anything from it? Yeah, and no. I mean like going to court's kind of really, really interesting. Like you actually learn a fair bit. If you have to do it for an assignment, it's kind of boring, but apart from that, it's really interesting to go there and just watch a few cases. The one that I saw was quite fascinating. It raised a lot of issues about a whole bunch of different areas of law. And like, I probably wouldn't have known about them unless I did the reading for this particular course. So that was kind of interesting. Three? No, let me see if I remember. First one was the sentencing here. So it was literally, witness gets up, or the accused gets up and talks about their good character and reasons why they shouldn't be put in jail for too long, or shouldn't be put in jail at all, or just be put on like a two year behavior bond. So they'd already been convicted of the crime. The other one that I saw was regarding an assault case, but they had a defense of self-defense. And the third one was regarding a drug possession charge and whether the drugs were actually in their possession or not. Couple of days, but you don't have to go for the whole thing. Kind of yes, kind of no. I want to see at least one case from the start to the end, but I want to pick a good case and you don't know beforehand, and I'm not willing to invest the time at the moment. No. The first one. Sorry, the self-defense one. Raised a lot, a lot of interesting topics. Like for instance, before, so the case basically was, some guy was walking around the neighborhood and he was trying to get this other guy, right? Because that guy had gotten with his girlfriend, right? So he tried to get him like to come out of his house. The guy finally came out of the house, but then the guy who was outside the house, let's call him person one, he was chasing person two with an ax, like a hatchet ax. In the ruckus, like in the fight, the guy lost the ax, it became a fair fight, right? So the case, the defense's case at that point was that it was self-defense, right? The guy who had the ax, he got knocked out. The main part of the assault actually came about when after that guy got knocked out and he was lying on the ground, the other people came up and kicked him. It's like before that, it was pretty plainly self-defense. But then after that point, it's kind of like, was it self-defense, was it not self-defense? It kind of went both ways. So the interesting thing was, this could take a while to explain. Okay, so in evidence law, right, you can't just bring in evidence to badmouth someone's reputation. It's kind of uncalled for, it's really unnecessary and it's not allowed by the rules of the court. So you can't just bring in bad credibility evidence unless it's kind of relating to this crime or it's like a past conviction or something like that. So while the guy with the ax, he'd been walking around the neighborhood, right? And he'd been like banging on windows and breaking light bulbs and just causing like a huge ruckus, like a really big deal. And the prosecution, no, the defense wanted to lead evidence regarding that. They wanted to like bring it to the jury saying that all this stuff had happened. But in a small evidence hearing before the court, like before the actual thing went down, before the actual case went down, the judge ruled that that evidence wasn't allowed because it was just inflammatory and it wasn't going towards credibility of the thing, of the accused. Yeah, because the person too had what, kicked person one when he was down. Hmm, I'm assuming yes, but it'd be a different trial. He was in hospital. Person two got a hatchet ax wound to the knee among other bruises. I met up with my brother at that point and I don't know, I didn't even know what to think of the case. I was just kind of like blown away because I only made it for a closing statement and they were quite interesting to kind of get ahold of because the prosecution gave theirs and the defense gave theirs. And I was trying to like decipher what the case was about just from what they were telling the jury. And I don't know, I was still trying to piece it all together at the end of the day. Tough choice. Old Pick, unless I was there. Okay. No comment. Pardon. No comment. No comment.