 Um, I woke up at home, I'm pretty sure, was that at my girlfriend's place? No, I woke up at home and we... basketball? I think I shot some hoops with the boys, uh, throughout the day and then I... yes I did, yeah, I remember, that's right, I did and then I went to my girlfriend's place to get ready for my mate's pub crawl, which started at around four o'clock in the afternoon at the Bavarian Beer Cafe on York Street. So got, yeah, got there around four, yeah, pretty much on the dot, four o'clock, and, um, started having a couple drinks. I had one big stein and then we moved on to, at around four thirty, moved on to, oh where did we go? We went to, um, I think the Red Oak, was it, yeah, I think, we went to the Red Oak, uh, had another couple drinks there, then we moved on to Baxter's Inn, which was actually pretty cool. Um, I've always skipped some pubs, I can't really remember the exact details, but not because I was drunk, but just because, I don't know, half the places I had never been to before. And, uh, so we went, have you ever been to the Baxter's Inn? It's actually really, really nice, like, um, it's kind of got like a, it's like an old kind of whiskey bar, and it has, like, it's all candlelit, and it only has chandeliers, and, um, yeah, and there's free pretzels, uh, free pretzels everywhere, and they have all these different types of whiskey, oh, it's amazing, like, that, um, how many bottles of different whiskey they have there. And, yeah, it was all, it's all really nice, it's something like out of Pirates Caribbean or something, like, it was kind of like a tavern kind of feel, because everything was a candlelit, and, um, yeah, so never been down there before, it was really nice. And then we moved to, uh, God's Wood or Wood God or something, uh, it was on, off George Street, and that place was really cool as well. It was, I had like a, it was kind of a, more of a darker, uh, bar, but it was like a bar slash restaurant kind of thing, um, because there was no kind of open spaces, it was all just booths in, in rows, in like an array of, um, uh, yeah, like in a grid, and, yeah, it was just somewhere you can have drinks, um, have some food, um, and apparently there was a night club section in the back as well, so it doubles up, um, as a bar slash nightclub. And it was actually really good, it, um, I wanted to stay there for the rest of the night, but obviously, like, it was my mate's birthday, and he was behind the rudder, we had to control the rudder, so we had to move on, but, yeah, had a bit of, had dinner there pretty much, um, because it was getting around that time, like seven, eight o'clock-ish. And then from God's Wood, we tried to get into Palmer's back at, uh, Wynyard, um, where the tank used to be, but for the second week in a row, I got denied. Well, I didn't get denied, but my mate, um, whose birthday it was, he got denied, because obviously he was a bit intoxicated. So everyone had to get back into taxis and move on, um, so that was unfortunate as well, because the week before, we tried to go to the exact, like, exactly a week before the same night, we tried to go, but my mate was wearing a singlet under his jacket, under his coat, and it looked like a normal shirt, but the bouncer goes, what are you wearing under that? And he's like, oh, just like, he's like, does it matter? And he's like, show me. And he actually, like, checked, and he's like, oh, it's a singlet, you can't come in at Palmer's wearing a singlet. And we're all three of us, we're like, are you kidding? It looks like a t-shirt under his, he's wearing, he's not going to take his coat off. He's like, I'm not, I'm not going to take my coat off. Well, it wasn't allowed in, so two weeks in a row, I tried to go to Palmer's and didn't get allowed in. I'm not too fussed though, because every time we're in line, it would seem to be, like, an older crowd, so, like, middle-aged people, so that was fine. So we get back into a taxi, and we all decided to go to the Argyle at The Rock. So, yeah, it was pretty fun. Like, Argyle was actually really packed that night, so I wasn't enjoying it too much. We only stayed for, like, 10-20 minutes, and me, my girlfriend, and my mate, and his girlfriend, we decided to go to Lowenbrough, because it's a bit more, a bit more relaxed, because it, like, Argyle, just throughout all of Argyle, the booming music everywhere, there was no, like, quiet corner anywhere, and there was just people, there was 100 people, there was hundreds of people there, so we're just, like, let's go to Lowenbrough and have a drink outside, and there's, like, little tables they have outside, so we did that, and Sophia wanted pretzels again, so we got more pretzels. Like, I ordered, like, two beers, and she ordered, like, six pretzels, so, I don't know. And, yeah, that was pretty much my whole night, and then, on the way, I think we finished up at around 12.30, because we started pretty early, so we were getting tired, and then, yeah, we just walked back to Wynyard. Luckily, we caught, like, the second or third last train. Trains were still running, and, yeah, we got home by, like, one o'clock. That was pretty fun. I think nine o'clock, nine o'clock-ish. I can't, I don't normally sleep in, so, like, nine's usually the max. Like, my body refuses to sleep past nine, so it would have been around nine-ish earlier. Yes, if I have done an all-nighter for study, or something like that, yeah, I have, like, once, or a couple times, but, yeah, very rarely. Like, nine o'clock's my limit, so, like, a proper, like, nine o'clock is a sleep-in for me, pretty much, but if it's any later than that, it'd be, like, 10.30 is probably the latest. Something like that, yeah, like, it would have been, it wouldn't have been six hours, it would have only been, like, three hours or something, because by the time we get out there, I think we got out there around 11 in the morning, and Sophia wanted me over by two o'clock, 2.30, so, I remember, yeah, we would have only played for, like, an hour and a half, two hours. Nine and 11, um, I don't know, I think I just chilled out at home, waiting for friends to get to the courts, because they always come late as well, there's no point getting there on time, because they always turn up, like, 30 minutes late, so. Uh, no, we play a pick-up game, so it's just, like, whoever, out of the group of boys that we sent out texts to go play basketball, whoever turns up, hopefully we have an even number of people, and, yeah, we just play, like, a two-on-two, three-on-three, and it's just pick-up, like, there, we keep track of score, that's probably the most formal thing we do, you know, otherwise it's just muck around, it's nothing competitive. Yes, I do, on Monday night. Um, funny you ask that, because we just won our grand final on Monday night, first time ever, like, we graduated high school in 2007, and we've played Monday night men's comp every Monday night since 2007, and there's two seasons every year, never won one, ever. So, we've made it to semifinals, like, countless amount of times, we've, I think there's, that was our third grand final, and we finally won, like, oh, I was so nervous, I was a bit nervous beforehand, but I was more psyched than anything, but, uh, like, coming near the end of half, coming close to half-time, um, we were down, and, like, our team's, like, a massive, like, we're definitely a confidence team, so if we're down by a couple of points, or even, like, I think it was around eight or nine points, it got to the difference, we really start to, like, stress, we start to choke, and when we were down nine points, I'm like, oh my god, it's happening all over again, this can't be happening, and then, um, the start of the second half, we, um, I don't know, we got on our lucky streak, like, they missed a couple shots, but then we took some really, really bad ones, like, not, they weren't open shots, they were really tough shots, like, low percentage shots, but they sunk, and we managed to get it to, like, a two-point difference, and then the boys were like, yeah, we can do this, we started picking up again, and then the intensity came back, so it was good, it was good, so, yeah, um, I think seven or eight points, um, eight points might be an overstatement, it was probably six or seven, so, but yeah, um, and normally my average score is zero, so, because I don't take a lot of shots, because we've already got enough bullhogs, so for me to start taking shots as well, there's, like, there's no point of passing, I facilitate the passing, so I play point guard, and, um, basically, we don't really run plays as such, we always make it up as we go, um, towards their basket, um, because we don't train, we don't want, none of the guys have time to train throughout the week, so, um, I just try and get a good pass to start off with, um, either direct it to the left or right, and then I'm, like, a help out pretty much, if someone's getting stuck, point guard is going to come right out to the halfway line, um, and try and get that safe pass out, so we can start at the reset and start again. Mm-hmm. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment,