 Um, yesterday I think I woke up at eight o'clock. So I had my breakfast, um, wish my mom goodbye and dad as well And then I drove to uni and the traffic was actually really bad for some reason I don't understand. I don't think there was a crash at all But it was just it was peak hour But it was like worse than normal and so after it took me like an hour and a half to get to uni Um, and then I got to uni at hang on. I'm just trying to figure out my day. Yes It's a little blur. Oh, yeah, so I got to uni at um, ten o'clock And so I started I got there really early because I wanted to study I was meant to meet up with someone and then they um cancelled me and so I was studying just for two hours um, I met up with a friend at the library which I happened to just run into when I was walking up to the library and Yes, I would just talk like I should have been studying but we're just talking too much We're just catching up and then so after that it was about 12 that I went to my lecture It was a two-hour lecture. Um, and we were learning about kinetics Which I felt was a waste because like she didn't really the lecture didn't really go into anything new Like it was just revision like it was good that we were revising but I felt like it was nothing new So I didn't really listen to the lecturer. Um, and after that two-hour lecture had I think it was a two-hour break as well So I went to stock market just to get some food because I love stock market and the line was actually really long Even though it was like, um three o'clock whenever um, and then I got my favorite. I always get the same thing I always get corn sweet potato egg cucumber tomato chickpeas and Then always two dollars extra for the chicken. It is expensive, but I think it's like it's healthy Like I'm trying to be healthy at the moment. So that's why I did um, and after that, um I sat in the library lawn for like half an hour just chatting with some friends that I saw again I seem to run into a lot of friends like I don't hang out with them I just seem to run into them whenever at the library lawn. Um After that, I went to oh, that's right. I went to help out a friend at um Um for the international night markets I went there at four o'clock because they needed some help setting up and stuff And so I brought that and I had bought the um stuff like I bought all the plates and knives that we needed For the day, um, like on the sunday, so I bought everything we needed Um, and then after so that was like an hour there and then I went to my algebra tutor Um, I really liked it algebra tutor actually he's like he's got this strange accent, which I seem to laugh But like I really like he's really he's like his name is bastille. I don't know how to say his last name It's like celeste key or something. It's really um, it's really ethnic but it's really cool Um, and that was an hour shoot and by then I think it was yeah five o'clock and then at five o'clock Um, I went I went back to the store because I had to help them still set up and then so that was an hour And then the president of philosoph told me I had to pick up some dancers from central Which I didn't really want to do but like no one else was going to pick them up and he didn't really want them to Get a taxi. So like I happily obliged even though I didn't really want to do it I went to central and I picked them up which they were actually really nice like they were middle-aged women but they were actually really nice people and Um, they were surprised because they didn't say they said I didn't look filipino, which I found really funny But yeah, they were thinking I was spanish mexican south american. Someone even called me bruno mars Which I don't like being called it's happened to me before but I don't like being called bruno mars. Um, actually kaz I remember the first time it happened to me kaz from shirts last year. Um said I looked like bruno mars So I haven't seen that girl in ages. I really like it. She's really funny, but going so going on. Um, So I got back from central. I dropped them off and I was like so hungry And so, uh, I should I ate some of the food that was selling and I should have not And um, but no one saw me so it was okay. Um, and then yeah pretty much from Six o'clock onwards. I was just at the store which we had which was just actually it was a really good location We had just outside the stage. Um in the arc precinct and I was there for two hours And then one of my really really good friends had just told me that she'd broken up with her boyfriend So i'm like, oh so I hugged her and stuff and I was so busy but like my friend said it was okay to like comfort her and stuff because like she's such a good friend and she'd Been with her boyfriend for two years and like that's so long. That's even like longer than some marriages I'm like, whoa and then like so she was just crying like I tried to cheer out and by the end like I was speaking to her for Like an hour and it didn't feel like an hour. It just went really quickly So we're just sitting in the corner in the law building just having discussing just like bitching about people and stuff and how She could do much better than him and stuff and by the end she felt um, like she was really happy by the end of it and um, so that was like ten o'clock nine thirty and then I went What did I then I had to drop the dances off again? So I had to go back to central and drop them off and come back for other stuff I picked up gabriel and a few of um other friends who were helping out and then um We drove I drove back to central which is like probably the fourth time of driven to central yesterday And then pretty much after that I just went home. I was so tired but so I had to check my face I always have to check facebook for some reason and my emails and uh, Yeah, so the email I got one of the emails I got last night was that the co-op had been cancelled Which I was really devout about because i'd worked so hard to put it in like I put so much effort into that Resume, um the application form but yeah, like things happen and then I think by 12 or 12 30 I went to sleep. But yeah, so that was my pretty that was my night or day yesterday So it was actually a really long day like I got to uni at 10 o'clock and left about 10 o'clock So it was like a 12 hour day at uni which is seems really stupid because I only had like four five hours of class And so yeah I'm, so tired from my house. Um, I actually measure it's 23 kilometers But it's much longer because of the traffic you have to go through city And then so there's like two traffic like really about like two bad areas you have to get through So there's the city which is obviously always bad and then um, Rohingya road, which is um, Like a major arterial road of the northern beaches because I come from dy. Um, yeah That's so that that was really annoying because there's always there seems to be always traffic during peak hour Which I understand but it's just hard actually during peak hour like it's actually quicker to take the bus because Of the bus lanes and which it's really good because they have bus lanes and they but they do a t3 thing as well So if you're three people, um, you can take the bus lane um, which I did like all of some last semester, which was I carpooled with um, three other guys that I um live close to But now these like just this semester, um, my timetable is so much different to theirs So we seem to be like I don't see them much anymore. Like I would only see them. Um, During carpooling because we all do different subjects courses and stuff. But yeah, I don't know It's just so it's so funny how things can change in the semester where you go from seeing someone all the time And then next semester then you don't see them at all pretty much and that's just like, um, I don't know just like first year as well you where you make heaps of friends during first year and then they all move on to different courses because like the first is Core subjects and then you move on and you don't really see them see them much which is really sad And then I had some of my friends as well move uni like one of my best friends I met Um uni last year she moved on to acu so she's at strathfield now, and I don't really get to see her But we still meet up during like we still talk over facebook and we actually I met up with her like two weeks ago And she's going really well She's actually going to I think tahiti at the end of the year So which i'm so jealous about but i'm like so happy for her. Um, okay. Yeah, no comment. No comment No comment, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment