 Well, Friday was an interesting day actually because I had my Yellow Shirt interview. And I remember the night before on Thursday that I was like really excited and still a bit nervous for it. Because I'm like, oh I've done shirts before, they should expect me to know what to say and stuff. So I was like, there's added pressure to perform that much better. And so I didn't really sleep well that night, which was... And then I could feel it the next day and stuff. And I felt like I had to be there early. So I actually ended up getting to uni at 8am, which was way too early. But I met some of the squad leaders. So I met Yvonne and Annika. And they kind of helped cheer me up and make me feel more confident. And then also it was good that I went there early because I met like some new first years and stuff who were first time shirts. And they seemed all really good, like really good people and stuff. And it was, I just, I don't know, just this year just seemed so much better. Like the people, you could, even though they're first years, you could just easily talk to them and just feel really genuine. And that was reflected in the interview as well. Like I had my group interview first, which was the opposite last year. And there were six of us and I had Bettina next to me. And I, like, I love Bettina as well. But the others were all first years and stuff. And I just remember from the interview, like everyone seemed really genuine. And you could just tell no one was being fake at all. Because I remember last year, I did have a few return shirts in my interview last year. And I was intimidated. And you could just tell that they weren't being themselves. Because they were like talking themselves up and weren't being genuine. But this year was so much better because that didn't occur. And I just remember, yeah, I just felt really good after the interview. Because I felt like I answered my questions, like what I needed to do. And I felt, because I was being honest. And I think that's why it helped me. Because that's why I think I did better than expected. And so who, I think I had, oh that's right, I had Lisa as my facilitator. And I don't really know her. But I remember from like just last, yeah, she was, I remember her from, this week's O-Week, where on the Monday event, the Chowdhury Tatum 21 Jump Street, she was just manning the line there with me. And I remember I got to talk to her. And she was such a good person. She's confident and really headstrong. And, but apart from that, I haven't really talked to her. And then my markers, I had Rob and Sophie. And Rob was my double squad leader. And Sophie, I've met before through shirt. But it was really funny because I had, for my contact interview, I had Rob talking to me, marking me as well, with Bettina right next to me as well. And so I've had Bettina twice in interviews, sitting right next to me and Rob marking me. So I felt that was a coincidence, I guess. And then after that, we had the activity interview. And it was actually similar to last year's, which was, I was surprised. Because I thought they would change a bit of it. But no, it was quite similar. So I kind of knew what to expect and stuff. And some of the people who were in my group interview were actually in my activity group as well. So I got to know them. And they were still the same person. They didn't change at all. They were still genuine. So you could tell, like, they were really good people. And I remember one of the guys' name was Samir. And even though it's his first year, I was like, wow, you're going to be an awesome Yellow Shirt. Because you're just, he was such an amazing person. And there's another girl I can't remember as well. I think her name was Anna or something. I hope she got through to shirt as well. But yeah, they were just two amazing people. I just remember from the day. And then I just really, the communication, the beacon challenge, where only one person was able to talk to the other team. I just always find that hard because I find myself really bad with describing stuff. So I'm like, oh, fail. Even though I was just saying in my head, fail, fail, fail. But it was much better than last year because I knew what to expect and stuff. But still, I just felt I could have done better. And I had Mish as my facilitator. And she was, she's funny. I don't know. She's just a really funny person. And as my markers, I had Dan Booth, which I kind of know okay through contact. And then Jeff, which I don't really know him, but I assume he's a really nice person. And then, yeah, so that went for, I think it went for an hour, that interview. But I remember the charades was really, like went really quick, even though we were given like two minutes or one minute to guess. The other teams weren't. I remember shouting out horse straight away after like two seconds. And it was actually correct. So like, wow, okay. So maybe I might be good at charades. But after that, it was about 1230. And I'm like, I felt actually during the group. So during the activity group, I felt really hungry. I could feel my stomach like just growling at me at the moment. And so I told Michelle, she was like, okay, you should just eat something and drink something, which I did after. But yeah, and then so I to eat, I went to, I think the stock market. So I went all the way from the brown house to the stock market. And that itself was a challenge because it was raining as well. So I did get a bit wet. And I think that's where my, because I've got a cough now and that might have started from there. I'm not sure, but I don't like getting sick at all, especially during exam periods because it just adds so much stress. And I'm like such a stressor as well. I'm almost as bad as Lucy, I think. But not that, no, but I love Lucy too. And then I just hope my other friends get into yellow shirts as well. So I'm probably going to text them after this and hopefully good news. Or maybe they don't know, but I'll just see how it goes. But yeah, maybe if I think before I talk, I could probably improve on describing information because I tend to spontaneously talk without even thinking sometimes. Like my mouth, sorry, my brain doesn't connect to my mouth sometimes. And it's just, I can just say so much random, like it can be funny, but it's just be so random. And my friends like, yeah, you need to probably think before you speak. And that's probably how you could probably relay more information and more accurate information more efficiently and more, yeah, I guess more efficiently, I guess, and more correctly. I think I definitely want to, like I've improved my communication skills from last year for sure, but I definitely want to keep on improving because that's what being a yellow shirt is all about. Just keep improving and developing. And then, yeah, maybe, I definitely want to be a squad leader soon, one time, maybe. I'm not sure, maybe next year, because I really need to apply for an internship, but maybe in the next few years, I really want to apply for a yellow shirt and then have, sorry, a squad leader. And then, so be a squad leader and have my own squad. And it's like, oh, that'd be like my children's stuff and have an awesome double squad leader, double squad leader partner as well. So that's kind of one of my dreams in the next few years. And then, yeah, actually, because I kind of want to go through, I kind of want to experience all like all what yellow shirt offers. So I want to be, so I've done first time shirt, now got into return shirt. I want to be a squad leader, then OT. And I don't think I'll be a coordinator. I just, I don't, I just don't see myself as being a coordinator, but definitely OT and squad leader. I have five years at uni. Well, I'm probably going to have to add like another semester. So I definitely have a long, like I definitely have the time to do it, but I'm not sure, because, but I do have to take an internship and I do want to work in the holidays as well to make money. Because I do like my dream is to move out of home soon. I just don't see myself doing it at the moment because I just don't have the funds. And my mom doesn't really want me to move out because my twin brother's already moved out. And she's like, oh, I don't want both of my children to go out and leave me alone at the house because she doesn't work. She's like a homemaker. So she stays at home cleaning the house. I don't know what exactly she does, but she does stay at home. And my dad's always working. So she's at the house alone. But it was like a couple of years ago, it was okay because we did have a pet dog. But since the dog died, we don't actually know what it died from. We're thinking like cancer, but we never got the vet to check. She's kind of all alone. It's just and then whenever I get home, she makes such a fuss because I think she's just kind of missing us. And when my brother came home last night, she was like, she was making such a fuss for him and stuff, which I understand. It's just I don't know. And then because my brother never never brings us up at all. Like he says don't ring me I'll ring you but he never brings us up from buldong. And it's just I think I can see. Yeah, I think it's just you can just see in her face. It just hurts it. So, that's why I guess she was just so excited to see him come back home. Okay, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment