 woke up at three o'clock, drove to the train station, filled up with petrol on the way to the train station, I think it was about a dollar 50 cent, dollar 50 liter, drove to the train station, I watched a couple of episodes of The Following, which has Kevin Bacon in it, pretty good. It's about a, obviously a psychopath, he's caught for murder and he's in jail and he has all these followers like a cult and they commit murders and other things for him on his behalf, the FBI trying to get all the followers. Sit on the train for an hour and a half, came into work, did a coffee run, it was about eight cup yesterday, came back, got changed, sent off to the morgue, that was, had to do a job with the murder victim, that young girl who was shot. Then while we were at the morgue, I had a phone call from a bank and solicitor saying that the house has gone unconditional, so that was good news. And then spent a little bit more time at the morgue, we on the way through, we had to drop some ex-uniform or someone who's no longer at the Bureau, some uniforms at West End, then we dropped some other property over at Stafford Station, which is an exciting drive through Brisbane, the thriving metropolis that it is. Then we came back into the station, finished work, sat on the train, went home, my wife wanted me to call in and pick up some champagne to celebrate. I went down, had some, sat in a bit with her parents and she had a bottle of champagne, had a chat, caught up, I came back up home, had a shower and a shave, get stuff ready for work, watch the block, watch My Kitchen Rules, I relaxed for about an hour and then went to bed, another eventful day. Yes, no, that was about a quarter full, yeah. I don't know about, I don't know, it was about $53. I'm imagining about 35 litres, 40 litres I guess. He's a good guy, he doesn't dance. Six, I've got two more to watch, yeah it's good. Watched three episodes and that filled the train ride, so it's 120 minutes, yeah. iPod, no that's not right, not three episodes because I'd seen the first one, so 80 minute haul up and just on an iPod. Yeah, I want to get an iPad but it's difficult to justify when I only watch it to and from work on the train, so I'll cope, yeah. I have two little, very masculine little coffee bags that have handles, I fit four coffees in each, so I'll take those down. I'll carry them, lucky I have big hands, I can carry both in one hand and then I put them in cups and they have, they can fit about six in one cup holder and eight in there, so that's about the maximum, 15. And I work with the sergeant, maybe two hours? Yes, yes. Can't wait, I can't wait, no. Yeah, but another hour, that was about halfway through. Confirm identity of someone, I get their fingerprints for the regional expert and their footprints, so I see where they've walked through the house, if it's an altercation, where they've been, what they've touched, that type of thing, or to confirm the identity, unfortunately, yeah. No, not that frequently, maybe once every, I'd say maybe three months I get to go. No, it all depends, sometimes it's, there are good ones and bad ones, the ones where it's not nice to say good or bad ones, but when they're not decomposed, or they're the ones that you're not, but you have to go and do a job, it's no different to anyone else, they have good parts and bad parts of their job, you just get it done, and you're west end then to Stafford, with the traffic, maybe two hour and a half, with a waiting time at each station, probably about 15 minutes. No, just someone needed it done and obviously they were too busy to come and pick it up, so we're a courier service now, apparently, no. I had a pork salad roll with some sweet chili and horseradish, no. At West End, no, I just listen to music. I have a playlist that I'm adding to all the time and taking stuff off, so it changes. Yeah, anything from, say, I don't know, Marilyn Manson through to Bruno Mars, like a really wide range of stuff. Laughing at Bruno Mars. Yeah, like even stuff like Andre Bocelli, Ministry of Sound Chill, there's, yeah, lots of very eclectic tastes. Yeah, it is. Do, like you, yeah, I'm not in the mood for that, and skip, skip, skip, skip, skip, ah, yeah, yeah. On the way home, yeah, so I go past two or three bottle shops. So I called into the closest one to home, so actually, no, it wasn't cold, so I had to put it in the freezer at home. So the one I wanted wasn't cold, so I had to buy it warm and put it in the freezer. Usually, and it depends, if something's on special, like if there's a French champagne on special, I get that, but generally there's three or four different ones that my wife likes, so it's Jant and a Tasmanian one. Can't remember now, don't know. Yeah, it was, I'm not usually a champagne drinker, but it was nice. It was a Sir James vintage, I don't know, but it was nice. No, I do organize food in bits and pieces, and then we went down, some Italian, down at Kate's parents' place, which is behind us. Yeah, they're happy. They move into a house, which we're keeping, and our daughters, eldest daughters, moving into their house and renting off them, so that gives them a little bit of financial stability, so it all worked. Probably my kitchen rules, do you watch it? But I find it so frustrating, there's a couple I just can't stand. I enjoy watching it, but I just, probably, it's hard to split, if I had to choose, we record one and watch one, so after we watch one, we watch that one we've recorded. I'd struggle to pick, and I bet you I know who it is, the two Asian girls. Really, I know it's not nice to say, but they are complete bitches. I don't know whether it's manufactured for the TV or not, but condescending, it's, yeah, it's funny. That's why they wanna keep them on the show, because they make good TV, everyone watches. My kitchen rules, oh yeah, Phil and Amy and the boys. Oh, funny, I can never remember. I, at a guess, I usually get about six and a half hours sleep, so what would that be, three, nine, about nineish, I'm guessing, 8.39? No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.