 I woke up at about three o'clock. I was working up at Calamvale. On the way out of the Tweed Valley, went onto the highway. It was dark. It was raining quite heavily. I was driving along and I noticed some water on the road. I just thought it was that only water and I've driven about 80 kms and all of a sudden I hear this massive bang and it was a fairly large pothole. So I didn't realise at the time that there was damage to two of the tyres. So I've driven to work at Calamvale, scenes of crime. I then went out with a scenes of crime officer, did some fingerprint jobs. Just general break and enters and stolen cars, that type of thing. Came back to the office. They let me leave a little bit earlier which was good. I drove back home. It's about an hour and a half drive. Got home and found that my daughter didn't put one of her dogs out, little Jack Russell. So I go down to the landroom and of course the dog's left a little present for us so I had to clean that up. Then put the dog out, then started getting dinner ready. Then had a phone call from the bank to notify us that they'd given the okay, we just need to wait for the valuation of the house. Hopefully that goes well. Ate dinner, sat down, relaxed. I thought I watched my kitchen rules. Synced my iPod, put a movie on my iPod. Was at the Hobbit, then had a shower, shave and went to bed. So it was almost like every other day at work. So nothing too exciting. About 3am. To Calamvale it's about in the morning. It's a bit quicker than it is in the afternoon. So about an hour and 15 minutes, hour and 20 minutes. Not much difference because headquarters you're on the freeway all the way in. When you head out to Calamvale you're going through parts of suburbia so it's about the same. Maybe 10 minutes quicker. I rarely worked there. It's just we had a scenes of crime placement to keep our field skills up. So instead of the Gold Coast I went to Calamvale. Generally four to five days. Yes, yesterday was. The front two. No, I had a, when I got home that afternoon I noticed there was a bubble on one of them on the tyre wall and the other one I couldn't see but I had it looked at. There was damage on the inside of it so I had to get both replaced. This morning I kick off at six o'clock. No, I had a muesli bar mid-morning. No, I didn't have a coffee yesterday. It might have been about seven o'clock. I was breaking into a house. Yes, just two fingerprints. Five all up. No, it was fairly quiet. Generally you just go job to job and some take longer. Some jobs can take an hour or two. Some jobs can take 15 minutes. No, normal anywhere from half an hour to about an hour. No. Out of the five, two. No. It's hard to say. Usually you'd think that they'd be smart enough to spend the two dollars and get a pack of plastic gloves at Coles but they don't. Sometimes I'll put their shirt over their hands or socks. It's difficult to tell. A lot of the time it's just a by chance. I'll walk past a house and obviously they have it on their mind but it really does vary and then again they're not the smartest generally. Yes. No, we have a tough book we take out once we locate the fingerprints. We take a photograph, put a forensic bar graph next to it, photograph that, place it onto the laptop and send it in remotely to be searched. I can vary. If it's something, a major crime, I can search them straight away. If it's a volume crime, it can take, depending on how busy we are, it could take a day or two but how busy we are now, we'd have that done within an hour or two. If it's declared not a hit, it will just sit that photo, that latent image will sit on the database constantly being compared against new 10 print sets that come in or if it's a hit, we have a process where I declare it a hit, I put it on a chart and three other experts must verify it then they're notified via QPROM which is essentially just a database. No. No, I had lunch when we came back. No. Ham and salad sandwich, 12 o'clock. They let me go at about half past 12 which was kind of them. I drove home from Kalmanphile. Straight home? And the bank rang us later. Yes. I think it's about the 28th April. 28th, 29th of April. No. Apart from cleaning up dog poo and wee. No, not a lot. Just relax. No, but I remember the two, the two agencies, their nasty pieces of work I wrote. Do you watch it? No, I don't remember. I think honestly they must have some, I don't know, it's just strange. Negative, negative, negative and bitchy and very vindictive and venomous. It's, yeah, it's not very nice. Yeah, they're doing okay. That's why they have them on the TV because it makes the cooking secondary. It's secondary to the bitching and all the the issues. You do? Yes. Yeah, for today. Hour and a half through that, about halfway. Oh, I watched the football. Maybe about 9 30, 10 o'clock. Yeah, I tipped out so I'm glad that one. No comment again. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.