 Nah, truth's easier. Can't make up stuff. From the alarm going off at twenty past five, obviously got up again, showered, dressed and down to the station to catch the six o'clock train from Birkdale. Actually I spoke to one of the girls, or one of the women that was on the station who catches it regularly, who works here and she's retiring today so she's got a morning tea today so it's her last day today. Fairly uneventful trip into work. Arrived, probably grabbed a coffee first thing and just sat at my desk and worked away. Didn't do nothing really exciting happened during the day. So there's nothing really to elaborate on during the day. Again finished at three o'clock, you know, caught the train home, back to the local station and another uneventful trip on the way home. Just sat down and read my book. My wife picked me up from the station and we went down to the local shops and I don't know why we went there, must have been some reason but I can't remember. Anyway we had a usual cup of coffee and got a couple of scratches and won a couple of dollars and bought another couple of scratches and lost it, lost our money. And then there was a guy that my wife works with, it was his birthday yesterday so we'd planned to go to the Victoria Point Tavern for dinner. So my daughter and son-in-law come and picked us up because they're friends with the guy as well and we went to the Victoria Point Tavern for dinner last night. There was probably, I don't know, a dozen people I suppose. Most of them colleagues of the guy whose birthday it was and it was actually his 30th birthday so that's sort of why we went out. I had, what did I have, steak with prawns on the top which was... and beurre nais sauce which was very nice and actually I think most people had steak to be honest. So it was good, you know, we had a few drinks and probably the booking was for seven. I think we probably left there about nine-ish I'd imagine and then just got home. That was about it really. Got ready for bed and that was it, that was the end of the day. And this morning the dog woke us up at about five o'clock barking and there was a, I think we'd left the back door open and a toad, cane toad had got inside so the dog was barking at that so I got up and disposed of that this morning. So yeah, yesterday morning was extremely unbearable. But no, I think I might have had a cup of coffee. Oh no, I didn't drive, my wife drove so she just drops me off and so I don't have to leave the car there or anything. So we've only got one car. Yeah, it was actually busy, I was surprised it was busier than normal. Obviously everyone's back at work these days so no one's on holidays. Yeah, oh no, four or five probably. Depends on the length of the chapter I suppose. No, I've only just started it. I'm probably about a quarter of the way through. Yes I did. Oh no, probably, I don't know. When I first got in there I was probably three or four but just generic ones, you know, to old people and most of the time I just look at the heading and if it doesn't look interesting I just delete it straight away. So I can't see the point in reading stupid things. No, no I just had a coffee really. No, yesterday was fairly dull as far as work goes. Oh yeah, it makes a day go a lot faster. Yeah, seven. About 11.30? No. A roll, ham, cheese and tomato and I had an apple and a peach. Yep. Yes, about 10 minutes probably. Yep, local shops, yeah. Well, I don't do the scratches because I usually don't have my glasses so I can't see what's going on. So it's not much point. No, I wouldn't have a clue. One, I think they're the five dollar one. Yep, no just, you know, lock out of share and freshened up and got changed and watched telly. No, no, no we didn't really have time for that. Oh, we got picked up by my daughter and son-in-law. Yeah, we drove in their car. Oh, it's probably about, I don't know, 15 minutes so, I don't know, 10km's maybe. Oh, it's probably a little bit more than that. I think I've, yes, I think it was, yeah. I remember being there before. Yeah, it was good. Yeah, I think because there was so many of us, you know, and everybody obviously ordered at the same time. It was probably, I don't know, 25 minutes I reckon between ordering and getting it. Yeah, they were pretty good. Yep. Beautiful. Medium rare. Yep. Oh, no, no, I don't think so. And no, there was no specials at all. So it was just ordered what you wanted. Just everyone seemed to order the steak. Uh, probably I had some beer. Actually, that's all, beer, pure blonde. No, ate and drank and talked. Oh, no, he had that at, no, we didn't. He had that at work during the day, so we didn't do anything. Didn't sing happy birthday or anything. Yeah. No. No. Oh, well, we watched, my wife had taped or recorded the block. So we watched that and then went to bed. I think they, what did they do last night? Oh, they had some sort of challenge where they had to make a sculptured seat, I think. And I don't take much, well, I do take notice, I suppose, but I'd prefer not to watch it. But the two guys won, whatever their names are, can't even think of their names. One of them's got heaps of tattoos. Actually, he's replaced one of the other guys, one of the older guys that had a heart attack. So, and their design was pretty good, you know, it was just a basic design, but they ended up winning the, not the whole competition, but then the challenge. So they got $15,000, I think, or $10,000, something like that anyway. Oh, I just sort of watch it as a background thing. Prefer to watch something else, but we don't. So, yeah, she likes it. And my daughter works for a company that, you know, she's met a couple people on the block as well, so that sort of adds a little bit of interest as well. I would imagine probably 10.30-ish. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.