 I'm not very good at speaking, I'm fairly quiet. No, but we'll see how we... Okay, yesterday was a fairly un-inventful day, but it started off with the alarm going off at about 20 past five in the morning. I think that was yesterday. Yeah, that was yesterday because I was on an early shift yesterday. And so my basically routine, alarm goes off, get out of bed, shower, shave, whatever else I need to do, get dressed, wake up my wife, get her to drive me to the station, hoping that it wasn't raining, but unfortunately yesterday it was. And I get the six o'clock train, sorry about that, from out where I live, and that gets me into Roma Street at about 10 to seven. Fairly uneventful train ride in. Sometimes it differs on the way home because you get all the school kids or the druggies or, you know, drunk people or whatever on the way home. Arrived to work at about, or walked in the office at about five to seven, I suppose. First thing you need to do, I guess, is have a cup of coffee. So that's what I did. And sat down at my desk and basically commenced work. My hours are seven a.m. to three p.m. And the routine was finish work, get changed, out of my uniform, cross the road, wait for the 307 back to my home station. And again, that was fairly uneventful. Noisy school girls laughing and giggling all the way home. So I just tried to bury my head in a book and ignore all that sort of thing, which occasionally is difficult. Once I got to the station again, wife had finished work by that stage, so she came and picked me up again. And we went to the shops, had a coffee, did a little bit of grocery shopping. And my daughter had been a bit crook, so we bought a couple of things for her and went round to her place to drop a few things off and just chatted to her for a little while. Then we just went home and by that stage, it was about 5.30 or so. And we just had another cup of coffee at home and prepared dinner and then just sat down and watched, obviously, eight-hour dinner. It's a fairly boring life. I suppose that's just normal, what everyday people do. And what did we watch on the telly? What is that thing called? The block, which I'm not a big fan of, but we watch it anyway, because I'm not really the boss at home, not really the boss at work either. So by that stage, got to wherever, whatever time the block finishes. We watched a little bit more telly, had a couple of glasses of wine, probably. Not necessarily from then to bed, but from six o'clock, we had a couple of glasses of wine. And that was it, hit the sack, ready to come to work the next day. I think it was 5.20, I think I said it for, when I started, seven. No, just turn it off and, no. I used to, but not anymore. I get out of bed straight away, because I know if I don't, I'll just go back to sleep, basically. And then I'll either get the later train or not come to work at all, probably. You know, as little time as possible. Well, if the alarm goes off at 20 past five, I like to be out and getting dressed by about 5.30 and then probably just, well, I'll probably make a bit of lunch or grab some fruit or something like that to take to work and out the door by about quarter to six. Eggs, none, I don't eat breakfast. I just haven't got time. I'm not gonna get up at five o'clock just to have a couple of eggs or toast or whatever. Oh, well, generally my wife gets up, which is good of her to take me to the station, but it could probably, if I dawdled, it would only take me 20 minutes. I did it today and it probably took me 20 minutes and I just wandered along, because it was so hot. Yep, no, six o'clock, 6 a.m. Yep, gotta see every day. I always face forward if I can. Sit on a window. Oh, well, it depends on how big the chapters are, I suppose. But I, no, I can't. But I don't know, I don't have any pages I would read. It was a pretty interesting book, so I can head down most of the journey and just read. Hmm, that's a good question, too. I read, I actually can't remember. I finished it on the way home. I can't remember. It was a new author that I'd never read before and he's similar to John Grisham, so he's a lawyer. Oh, in this case, he was a lawyer in the big city and then he moved back to his hometown after 26 years or something. Oh, one initially, probably another one, I would think, during the morning. I don't get that many. I don't know, 10 minutes maybe, probably not even 10 minutes. About 11.30, just after 11.30. But it didn't cost me anything because I brought it in from home. Depends on how much peaches are and what else did I have? Little can of tuna and some saladas. No, it's a waste of time and money. Oh, the afternoon goes pretty quick because obviously lunch, you know, from about 11.30 till midday and then it's only another three hours before I finish. So nothing really eventful happened. Yesterday afternoon, I'm gonna work in an office and there's work to do all the time, but there was nothing spectacular about it. Three, well, no, it wasn't really exciting. Occasionally it can get exciting, you know, if you get a drunk or, although I suppose at three o'clock you don't get that many drunks, but usually it's just school kids, you know, and they, as school kids do, are extremely noisy and the girls giggle a lot and want everybody to hear their conversation. So, but it was uneventful. I arrived on time, so that's the main thing. No, it always is in the afternoon. Yep, yep. Oh, I pushed a few old ladies out of the way just so I could sit down. Oh, I actually didn't have to walk yesterday, so, but it would have taken me a similar, cause I walk exactly the same way, so if I walked, it would take me about 15 to 20 minutes. No, I don't think so. No, I don't think it was. Well, probably, we were probably down at the shops for maybe 40 minutes, half an hour to 40 minutes. So we didn't get much, we just did what we had to do, had a sit down and had a coffee and that was it. Oh, only probably 10 minutes. I actually went out to the pool shed to try to get rid of some water out of the pool, but because of the time of day, there's some sort of governor on the electricity that goes to the pool shed, so I couldn't empty any water out after our torrential rain the last few days. So nothing much, sat down, watched a bit of telly, then just prepared dinner. Oh, well, we didn't actually have to prepare it, it was leftovers from the night before, so pretty easy, spaghetti. No, well, I don't really sort of, what happened yesterday? Oh, the two guys, the two mates who are older blokes, they had a bit of trouble with their levelling of their floor. So one of them was underneath the floorboards trying to level out the floor so they could put in some cupboards. And another couple, they were in the same position, their levels weren't, well, their floor wasn't level, so they were having a bit of drama fitting in some perspex, I suppose it was a perspex wall, I think. And they have to be careful because they're doing renovations to historic houses, what are they called? Well, I can't think of what they're called now, but they've got guidelines that they have to operate by. You know, they're not allowed to punch holes in the walls to put any wire through, they have to go through the skirting boards or through the ceilings, so heritage houses, that's what they're called. So, no, it was just the block, just watch it and suffer. Well, I probably, I finished the book on the way home in the train, and so I got out a new book and I probably read two just when I went to bed. 9.30-ish? No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment. No comment. No comment.