 Truth's boring, can't make up stuff. Okay, alright. From the start the alarm went off at twenty past four I think it was, or was it quarter past four, somewhere around there. And I obviously got out of bed straight away, otherwise I'd go back to sleep and showered and got ready to go to work. Went down to the station, jumped on the train, came into work. That was fairly uneventful. Just worked from 6am to 2pm, jumped on the train to go home again. When I got home, didn't do much at all really, just waited for my wife to come home. Then we went down to the shops and had a coffee, went to the post office to post a couple of things. Then we went home and had dinner. What did we do after that? Last night, actually Thursday night's a trivia night, so we go to trivia and there's a group of us, our ex-neighbours. Oh, it was not a group, there's a few of us, our ex-neighbours and another family friend. And spent the night at trivia and had a few drinks and a few laughs and answered a few questions. And that was about it. Drove home and had a glass of wine and went to bed. That was it. Oh, my short-term memory's not very good. Well, it was different last night because it was divided into four parts, which it normally is. But one of the areas was things starting with P, so I actually can't remember any of the questions there. Some of them were based on the human body, you know, what's the umbilicus or where's the umbilicus located, which was a bit of a dumb question, I thought. Would have been better, what is the umbilicus? You know, different medical names for different bones and where they're found on the body and all that sort of stuff. One was, do children or babies have more bones in their body than adults? Which, as you know, yes, and I was surprised that it was about 100 more or 60 more. Yeah, so that was interesting. Other than that, I can't remember any of the questions. In fact, I don't answer very many anyway, so I just go along. I'm the driver, designated driver as usual. Five, no, we came, actually I'm not sure where we came, maybe fourth? They won, oh, they came second the week before, but I wasn't there, so that might have been, might be a reason why I should stay home, perhaps. It's probably about 15, I suppose, and there is one group that usually all wins a fair bit, so they're a bigger group and obviously know a lot about general knowledge or whatever. But we're pretty good, we win occasionally. We win money, I think, actually I'm not sure what the top prize is, but last year we won, over the whole year, $600, so we just divided up between ourselves. You do what you like. We used to go out for dinner if we had enough. Oh, not if we had enough, because we'd always have enough, but last year we just divided up amongst ourselves and we did whatever you wanted to do with it. It's at a Wynnum Manly Leagues Club, Sport, no, what's it called? Wynnum Manly Workers, which is just your typical club. It's only a small place. No. Oh, you've got to pay a dollar and they have raffles and all that sort of thing, so it's pretty good really. They have jackpots, you know, you can win 200 bucks or whatever, so that's good. Probably just after nine. Yeah, I think it's somewhere around there. Yeah, go back to sleep if I didn't, so probably 15 minutes at the most, I would imagine. No, it's just too early and I just come to work, have a cup of coffee and that's about it. Probably five minutes, if that was driving. Yeah, the five o'clock. No, it's not too bad at that time of the morning. There's a few people on it, obviously all shift workers, but it's not too bad. Yep. Oh, one a new... Oh, probably for the day I probably had at work probably two. The usual thing I would imagine. Try not to overload too much. No, I don't have breakfast. It's just, no, can't be bothered really. Lunch is usually 11 o'clock at that time. Well, the unfortunate thing is that we're fairly well up to date at the moment, so you sort of struggle to not find things to do because there is usually, you know, you can hunt down things to do, but it's just, it's not the greatest at the moment. It'll be busy, makes the time go faster. No, not really. Yep. No. No, I usually just have a roll or an apple or something. Half an hour? Yep. 20 past two? Yeah, it is, it's pretty good. Beats the school kids, which is always good. No, no, I went home first and then my wife came home and then we took off down to the shops. Got no idea. Some spaghetti and we had a cup of coffee and that was about it. There's probably other couple of things that got thrown into the basket as well, but I can't remember. Two or three. Well, actually the night before, so we had basically leftovers. Spaghetti. No, we'd have to drive because it's, well, it's about 10 k's away. So we'd pick up a friend of ours and she comes with us each week. It starts at seven, so it's a bit of a nuisance. We usually get there about quarter to seven, so by the time they register the teams and all that sort of stuff, I'd rather just walk in and sit down and get into it. Well, I've helped finish off a bottle of champagne or sparkling wine, whatever you call it, but usually I don't drink, usually I just have water. Me? No, no, usual one or two maybe. And that was pretty hard last night. Oh no, my wife's pretty good. No, I know everybody sort of contributes, but just last night it was just the questions, although I can't remember them, they just weren't my interest I suppose. No, they don't have visual, it's just no visual, no sound. You know, some places you go they have music questions, but no, this place doesn't. Yeah, round about maybe 11-ish. Oh yeah, watched a bit of telly, probably, I don't know, can't even remember what we watched really. We had a couple of glasses of wine and I suppose we probably watched, actually I think we watched The Block, I think. I don't even, I prefer not to watch it, but we do. No comment.