 Alright, it's very boring, exactly the same as I did last week. My Monday, Tuesday, Wednesdays are all very similar. Tuesday morning, up at alarm set for 5.10, probably didn't get out of bed till 5.20. Then showered, got myself ready before Gemma gets out of bed, usually about quarter past six. And by that stage I've got myself ready, packed her bag, her lunch, my lunch, and packed it into car ready to go. Then when she gets up, she goes to the bathroom, she gets dressed for kindy, we sit down, I give her her breakfast, and then we put sunscreen on, brush her hair, and clean our teeth, put our shoes on as we leave the house and head off for kindy. And so that is about quarter to seven-ish, about that time. So usually at kindy by about seven, and I drop her off. Yesterday was a bit more exciting because she's just had all her hair cut off, so we had to tell about seven people how much hair we've had cut off, and show everyone how lovely it looked. And so I was there for a little bit longer, probably till about five, or ten past seven, and then raced to catch the bus. I drove down to the Eight Mile Plains bus station, walked across the road, down to the bus stop, waited 10 minutes for a bus, and then got into work about five to eight. I had a shirt, sat down at my desk after I was dressed, had my breakfast of fruit, and then started my day. What did I work on yesterday? Yesterday, I started on my literature, I worked more on my literature review down in the office, and Liza and I both came up here to do our voice recording at some point during the day. I worked on literature review, I had a couple of meetings, and then left at about five past four yesterday afternoon. Packed up my bag full of stuff and walked from here to Marder Hill to catch a bus, and I got rained on at the end again, as I have done most weeks recently. I waited 10 minutes at the bus stop again, waiting for a bus at the other end, bus back to Eight Mile Plains, in the car, and then home. Then fed Gemma when I got home, because it was her dinner time. Once she was finished, she was very tired, because she never has a sleep at kindy, so quickly showered. Read the first couple of stories of Brer Rabbit by Ina Blyton, cleaned her teeth and into bed, and then Jamie and I had our dinner after that, and watched a bit of TV and then went to bed. Yes, yes, every day. Gemma, yesterday, had a ham and cheese sandwich, and we'd had popcorn the day before, because we went to the movies, just homemade popcorn, so put some of that in a bag. A cupcake, which I was practicing over the weekend, some fruit in a container, and a healthy kid's cereal bar type thing. I think that was what was in her lunchbox. Yes, usually I've made it the night before, but yes, for me, what did I have? I had salad yesterday, leftover salad from the barbecue we'd had over the weekend, and fruit for my breakfast. She had wheat bix and mashed banana. No, I eat my fruit when I get to work. Yes, about five inches. Yeah, she does. She resisted it for a long time, you know, three quarters of the way down her back, and she's only three, and I've had it cut numerous times. It just grows so quickly, so every time I wanted to cut it, a lot of her little girlfriends have shorted her hair, so it's just sitting on her shoulders now, so it's quite substantially shorter, but she's very happy with it, and she loves it, so it's good. No, it wasn't. I get a seat, yes. I always sit in the second half at the back. No, I don't read in the bus. I get sick. Sometimes I have a look on my phone, but that makes me sick too, so sometimes I just sit and stare out the window, or close my eyes, or rest. Yesterday, I just think I was looking out the window, so nothing too exciting. After I've ironed my shirt, got ready, I usually leave my fruit out so I can eat it while I'm reading my emails. Leftovers, again, whatever was leftover from the fruit from the barbecue. I think there was watermelon, pineapple, and grape, maybe. I think it depends on what we've got, and what's not biodegrading in the fridge at the time. So yeah, I think that was, they were fairly fresh, because I'd cut them up for the kids on the weekend, so I usually just eat everyone's leftovers, or what's still hanging around. So make fresh for everyone else, and then just what's leftover, I have. So yeah, I think that was about it. Yes, yes. I'm probably about halfway now, so I have to send it out. I usually send it out in the middle week of every second month. So last time I was a bit later, it was the 20-something, so next week, or probably it'll go out next week. For a training video, it's going to be used as training for forensic personnel. So scenes of crime, mostly, advanced scenes of crime, and scientific section induction program. Both, both. And actually, I heard today that they want to use it as a training package for general duties police and detectives, in relation to the issues that could be, you know, contamination issues with trace DNA. Yes, so that'll be good. Yes, hopefully so. Luckily, I don't appear on it, in it, or anything like that, so it's good. Yeah, yes. Keeping the ball rolling, so to speak. Yes. Oh, not long. Five minutes, because the person wasn't here when I actually came up to meet with them, and the other one was in HR, and it was only about 10 minutes. No, I had lunch before, yeah, about one o'clock-ish, something like that. No, no. Sat at the meal table, half an hour, yeah. No, just water, I think, today. Yes, not most of the way, but I could see there was a storm coming, and I just, so I jogged some of the way, mostly walked, but jogged some of it towards the end, because I thought I was going to get wet, and I did just towards the end. So yeah, it was coming, it was quite dark. I did, but it was packed in my backpack with 3,000 million other things at the bottom, so I didn't bother getting it out. No. No, I got a seat on the way home as well, so. No, well, it's on the bus way, so. But it's expressed that way, but it stops at every stop along the bus way, so. Yeah, probably half a dozen or so, maybe a bit more. Whatever stops are between Martyr Hill and Eight Mile Plains, which is the terminus, basically, so. That's the end, so if you're asleep, they kick you off, which is good, yeah. No, Jamie picked her up yesterday. Yeah, showered first, then read a book later on. We had leftover pasta and sauce, but I cooked up some, a salmon steak for us, of two salmon steaks in a package to share in the oven to have with our pasta, it was delicious. Yes, we usually watch the news that we've recorded. Yes, we watched Two and a Half Men, and then two episodes of Person of Interest, which is our favorite TV show. And so we often record stuff during the week, and then just when we get the chance, sit down and have a big TV-a-thon, so. Yeah, not last night, no. Jamie did, but I didn't. Yes. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comments.