 Okay, as per usual I got up at 10 past 5. I may have hit the snooze button once, maybe twice, no, probably just once and then got up and got myself ready. Usually shower the works but I have to get up and get ready first before my daughter gets up. She's three and I have to have all of my stuff ready and all of her stuff ready and packed before she actually gets out of bed in the morning. So then when she gets up I get her dressed, go to the toilet, clean her teeth and then we have breakfast. So she has breakfast, I help her eat it because she's too focused on the television and would take three years. So I help her eat her breakfast and then I do her hair, I put sunscreen on, we clean our teeth again, I pack all the bags into the car and then by about 20 to 7 we leave home and I head for kindy. Yesterday what happened, I think I was running a little bit later and I always get stuck at the same set of traffic light and although I can see for about a kilometre down the road there's still a red arrow. So I sit there forever cursing and swearing and then I turn into her daycare centre which is at Eight Mile Plains and drop her off at kindy. So usually it's getting lunches out, putting any notes in the book and then taking her into the general room where everyone is and we usually play a quick little game, maybe read a story and then I sign her in and then I leave for the day. So that's usually about seven o'clock, maybe five past seven by the time I leave. Then I get back in the car, I drive to the Eight Mile Plains bus station and I park, I walk across the road and up the hill and down onto the bus platform waiting for a bus and yesterday I waited for maybe 10-15 minutes before a bus arrived which was quite frustrating. Then I got on a bus that was filled with completely obnoxious people and people pushing and shoving and not being able to work out who was sitting and standing and then I get off the bus at about, I think yesterday was about half past seven, quarter to eight and then I arrive at work, I iron my shirt, I get dressed and I sit down at my desk usually by about five to eight and then I start my working day. So I've already been awake for three hours, nearly three hours, have a cup of tea, I usually have my fruit for my breakfast at my desk and then yesterday, what was I doing yesterday? I was working on a training video, a forensic training video with Liza and going through trying to get some scripting sorted out that would fit in with the video. I was also trying to coordinate with the colleagues from the photographic section about when we would be doing the voiceover versus when we'd be doing the video editing. What did I do yesterday? I was working on, I conduct literature reviews of forensic journals so I started looking into that. I do those, I release a literature review document every two months and I send them out to all the Australian policing jurisdictions including New Zealand as well and just highlighting any specific documents that may be or articles or products and consumer rules that may be of interest to the forensic community. So that takes me about two weeks of my three shifts to get it all done. So I started that yesterday for release over the next week and a half or so. So being three days, I try to fit as much as I can into those three days and I had to also get some things prepared because tomorrow I've got OST trainings which means I won't be in the office. So then what did I do? Okay, so the end of my day, I left Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday when I work. I walk in the afternoons and I walk from here to Mater Hill via South Bank and the last few weeks I've gotten wet every time I've gone for a walk and it was a beautiful afternoon yesterday so I was very pleased and then I just started to spit as I reached the bus stop so luckily I didn't get too wet yesterday. I caught the bus home, I went and collected my daughter and then when we got home, she never has a sleep during the day, she's only three when she doesn't have a sleep, she's very tired. So I shoveled some food into her which is usually just leftovers from previous meals on my working days and then into the shower, she's currently on some medications and made sure she had that. Then I read Fantastic Mr Fox by Roald Dahl with her for 15-20 minutes and then it was bedtime and then it was my time, my husband and my time and we have our dinner and then we watch a bit of TV but last night we were very, very tired from a few late nights so I think we were in bed at about 8.30 which is extremely boring and that was really the end of my day. 10 past 5, yes 10 minutes, both of us. Well it takes me from the time I get up so whether it's 10 past or 20 past, if I hit the snooze button till about six o'clock to get myself ready and then I get her gear ready, her lunch and all that sort of stuff that I've made the night before, pack it all up and then I get her out of bed normally at quarter past six and then we leave. So between 10 past 5 and 6.40 or 6.45 usually, so what's that, an hour and a half. Yesterday, Rice Bubbles, she does ABC for Kids which has a number of different TV programs. Usually Blinky Bill's the first one by the time, it's fairly standard but it changes all the time the other subsequent ones so they're, I couldn't tell you exactly which ones but I know all her favourite programs at night time are Peppa Pig but in the morning, yeah the only one I can remember from yesterday because I'm concentrating on other stuff was Blinky Bill but ABC for Kids. I don't have cereal, I have fruit when I get to work. It takes me about 10, sometimes 15 minutes depending on whether I get held up at that set of light or literally three to four minutes, it's just around the corner from the bus stop. No, very full. Initially I did and then because being a police officer we get free travel as soon as there's people standing, I always stand up and offer my seat but there was this really obnoxious man yesterday who pushed his way past these other ladies who I had vacated my seat for and took the seat. So I put my bag at my desk and then I go and iron my shirt. Yes, I don't have coffee, I hate coffee, I have tea and I probably, I use one tea bag but I keep filling it up periodically throughout the day so I might have two or three in the morning and one in the afternoon but it's by then a very weak, weak tea from a tea bag. It is extra strength because I don't, I don't drink coffee, I don't really have anything that has caffeine in it and I only drink tea at work to wake me up in the morning so it's, I'm not sure what brand it is, might be Libton's but it's extra strength most of the day. Oh yeah, very short video, we have 12 minutes of footage with bits in the middle that will have to be edited out so probably five minutes in total. I really wanted it finished last week so I don't know. I only just started, probably two, I just started reading a couple of articles and then with other things going on and phone calls and troubleshooting with the forensic register and stuff like that I didn't get very much done so I'm very behind. I review about 15 to 20 different journals so within them I review all the articles that are in there so sometimes there can be five depending on what the journal is, sometimes there could be 45 articles so it just depends on what that release is so I know that I've got four or five that have at least 20 articles waiting for me to read and usually by the time I'm finished I'm blind so I bring my lunch from home. Yesterday I had a little bit of rice with steamed tomato and spinach, four o'clock. Catch a bus about quarter to five so about 45 minutes, Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. Wasn't when I left, it was when I arrived but just about 5.30 I think it was, it just depends on the bus so yeah I have to get off the bus, get to my car and then drive up so yeah about 5.30. I didn't have, what did I have for dinner last night? I didn't have chicken, you didn't ask me that before, I had steak, steak and salad, every single one of them. Okay, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.