 My alarm went off at 5.15 and I pressed the snooze button, got up at 5.25, got ready, had a shower, got myself ready, got the lunches and everything out, packed everyone's lunches up, then went and got my daughter out of bed at about 6.15 and same with her, got her toileted, dressed, then came out, had breakfast, watching ABC for kids. And she's finished her breakfast, put sunscreen on and clean our teeth, put our shoes on and we're out the door and we leave about 7.15. So then by about 5 to 7, 7 o'clock we're at kindy, drop her off. Yesterday we had a few extra things to take. She had found the exoskeleton of a grasshopper on the weekend so we had to put it in a container and take it to kindy. Kindy teachers weren't very excited seeing the exoskeleton of a grasshopper but it's still there so that's good, better there than at home. Then what did I do? I drove back to the Atmol planes bus station and caught the bus into work and arrived I think about quarter to 8. I ironed my shirt, got dressed, sat down at the computer usually by about 5 to 8 and had my breakfast which is fruit and then I've been furiously trying to get this literature review out. I know it's been the same each week but yeah that's all I worked on. Yesterday I had a meeting, no I didn't have a meeting at all. So yes all day just working on my literature review so reading journal articles, summarising them, putting them in one document and continuing reading. So that was all day. I had lunch at, Jamie came down and had lunch with me at midday and then finished at 4, got changed into my exercise gear and I jogged from here to Marta Hill where I caught the bus home or bus back to Atmol planes. I got in the car and then last night I went to pick up my daughter from my mum and dad's because my sister was in town. So we went over there to meet the newest arrival and she had dinner and she'd been playing with the girls and so we stayed there till about 6.30, came home, got Gemma dressed and into bed and Jamie read her a story while I got the dinner ready and then I put her into bed, laid with her for 5 minutes and then came out and I think collapsed on the lounge for about half an hour until our dinner was ready and then we had dinner at quarter to eight and I think we were in bed by ten past nine or something like that. We watched a bit of TV, news, person of interest that we'd recorded and then went to bed. Yes, it's getting darker, very hard to get up. Gemma, what did she have? Gemma had a jam sandwich because she'd failed to eat the healthy ham, cheese and egg and salad that I'd made for her the day before. So jam sandwich it was and some grape and watermelon for fruit and the rest of her Vegemite biscuits from the day before, some tiny teddies and one of those kids health bars. What did I have? I had grapes for my breakfast and Gemma's leftover salad and egg from yesterday, packed for my lunch today and Jamie had leftover pizza from last night's dinner. I got ready first, so yeah, everything's sort of ready. It's the last thing I do, I get her breakfast ready before I get her out of bed. She stares vacantly at it while I force feed her. Wheat bick and honey. Yes. No, there never is at that hour and I go against the traffic to take her to kindy. I waited a long time for the bus, about 10, 15 minutes, which is annoying because I was already running late. So I can't remember, was it busy? I think I had a seat yesterday, so it can't have been too bad. I probably had just missed one, but often it says they're due for some time before they actually arrive. So I don't know, they're supposed to come every five minutes in peak hour, but okay, no, just one. As many as there are that are applicable at the time. So sometimes the actual edition might only have five or six articles in there. Sometimes it might have 40 in there, so it just depends on the edition. So in my consolidated version, I'm up to page 10 of a Word document. So sometimes that's about average and I'm probably almost finished now, but sometimes it can be something like 17 pages, particularly if I find something interesting and I write a bit about it, but sometimes I just write a couple of lines. So yes, nearly finished. I need to get it out by four o'clock. Yes, but just in our office, just at our meals table. Yes, yes. Four. Oh, I don't know how far it is. It's from here to Marta Hill. Sometimes I crisscross across the bridges just to add some extra distance, but it's probably about two and a half K from here straight across and then along the bike path, two and a half, three maybe at a stretch. So I don't really know. My three days that I work, I do that unless pouring rain, but I've been walking around a bit lately. So yes, mostly on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Yes, I went straight there. I got there about quarter past five and we left about 6.30, I think it was. So what's that, an hour and 15? By the time I got home, yes, she was in the process of eating when I arrived. Pizza. It's about this imaginary machine that detects threats to people's life and safety and stuff like that. A machine developed by a gentleman and sold to the government who use it for evil instead of good. And he builds a backdoor into it. So it provides him numbers and he's basically emotionally rescued this ex-special ops person who is his legwork and they go and help rescue people before they get killed. So yes, it's a bit, I like it. It's probably one of the first shows I've liked in a long time. So yeah, it's on every Tuesday night and at the moment we've got two episodes every Tuesday night. We've watched one and a half because we're getting tired and I started getting Gemma's dinner ready and the second one's a repeat so we always know what it's about. But it's still, we like it. Nice and relaxing. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.