 Got up out of bed, coffee. Actually, no, yesterday morning I got up quite early. It was like five o'clock, because I couldn't sleep. So I went downstairs with the intention that I might do some of the folding or some computer work, some bookkeeping that I haven't done yet. But I took my book with me instead. I read about half an hour, went back to sleep. And then my son came down and jumped on my head. Started pulling and fidgeting and pulling my earrings out. It's been a general pain. So then I got up, made coffee, started getting ready for work. And then, yeah, got the train into work. Got to work about quarter to nine. Had a coffee, computer logged on, checked email. And continued working on looking at different exhibits and how people lodge them and what they call them. And the many different varieties of recording the same thing causes great mirth. So that was pretty unexciting. Did I come up here yesterday? No, I didn't. That was pretty much the day. Done, so I've trained home. Then we had to go to football. So my husband and I spoke about soft drink ordering and these sorts of things at the football club, which I'm the treasurer of. We now have no canteen coordinator. So it's sort of been left to my husband and I to make sure that everything's been ordered. So we had a look last night, spoke to the secretary about what she thought, different things that we should get in. Well, Declan trained. He had his training, football training session on. And then when he finished that, we all went home. Kids had their showers and went to bed. And then I sat on the computer and wrote up an order list to get pricing on, sent that off, and then I went to bed. Probably read for about half an hour, and then went to sleep. No, I just woke up. It's a George R. Martin book. I can't remember. It's the third one in the series of Game of Thrones. Probably a third of the way into the book. Yeah, they vary. Some are very short and some are long. I think I did get through one. I like to get through the one section because they're told in, because of the many different characters that it's sort of told from their different points of views. What each chapter is from a different character's point of view. Yeah. No, I put the book down and dozed off. Normally I fall asleep sitting up in front of me or on my face. Yeah, you did. Actually I had a piece, yeah, I had some of Finnegan's toast. About quarter to eight. No, yes. Yeah, I did actually. Yesterday I did read my book. Not very long. There wasn't many there. No, not really. When you're working on the one task, it's a bit monotonous and boring. So you get easily distracted. Especially when you've been working on it for a while. So I think it might be time to change it up tomorrow. Do something different to, or even this afternoon, go down and do something a little bit different. About one. Tortellini yesterday. No, it was one of those lean cuisine type meals. Yeah, half an hour. No, did it. Oh, the smoko table. Did yesterday, 4.30. I give or take 10 minutes, half an hour. Actually it was, because I had to just on like, as the train was departing that I got on. So it was quite, and it was an express one. In front of the middle guard carriage, sitting sideways. No, I read the MF. Mm-hmm. No, was it? Yeah, there was one I read about a four year old soccer star that he's already training with Arsenal and different soccer teams in the UK. I know. Yes. He gets, yeah, makes goals and that sort of stuff. Or he plays for under sixes, I think. No, we went home first. Kids had some dinner. Quick bite, did some folding, never ending. Yes, we just had toasted sandwiches last night. I had ham and cheese, I believe. Finnegan had ham and cheese, because we sure always share. Not sure what the other kids had, about an hour. Oh, it seems to be every night this week. Declan's got training again tonight, and then he's got training again tomorrow night. Liam's got training on Friday night. Yeah, I was awake too. And then chasing Finnegan around the rest of it. Yeah, as I was doing the folding, we were watching the block together. Oh, it took me a while to draft that email up, because as I went through the catalogue, down what we were interested in, I still haven't got the prices back yet. So trying to get it all from the one supplier who delivers it once. We can just organise the one person to be down there and not have to have three or four different trips the end of the clubhouse. Put things away, probably only about half an hour. Pretty tired by that stage. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Excellent.