 Okay, well I woke up at I'd say it was probably quarter past six in the morning realized I had to go to work Um from that point I got up I had a shower and I got ready for work I got dressed didn't have time for breakfast because I probably should have woken up a bit earlier than quarter past six Once I was ready I got in my car and I drove to the train station The drive was a bit slow if I recall because there was quite a lot of traffic along the way Once I got to the train station, it was a short wait until I got on the train on the train I just listened to music most of the way and read the paper for a while I had a older lady sit next to me on the way Um, if you can avoid getting someone sit next to you on the up switch line, it's probably preferred She wasn't too very nice about the way she sat down because my bag strap was in the way and she moved it for me quite rudely When it was time to get off when I got to Roma Street to come to work I asked her to move so I could get up she sort of rolled her eyes at me and Just moved her legs slightly to the left or the right Um, and I couldn't really get past her very well, so I found that quite rude But once I got over that managed to get off the train after climbing over her um, yeah off the train down the stairs and Made my way through the crowd through the gates and down to the lights to cross the road to work when I got to work Um, I started work on things. I hadn't quite finished on Monday Monday's usually a bit slow so slow start to the week finish all up on Tuesday Um, I mostly worked on court files prepared some of those and did a few other admin duties around the office I had morning tea at about 10 o'clock, which was chicken soup if I recall Um, that was for 10 minutes check my phone for messages while having morning tea I don't think I had any at the time though. No, I went back to work and I did some filing and some scanning um finished off a few more court files and Took a few phone calls and dealt with a few counter inquiries Um by this time probably took me through to lunchtime Lunchtime I had a chicken sandwich from the cafeteria downstairs It wasn't too bad and may have been a little overpriced in my opinion But that's the closest thing that was available and it was raining outside so you couldn't really walk down the street After lunch I did some more filing because that's a never-ending process of my job as a lot of the other admin stuff in my area Would agree probably carried me through to the rest of the day actually fairly slow afternoon at work Um after work, I made my way across back to the train station where I have to wait about 20 minutes for a train So I picked up the free MX newspaper and read that and after 15-20 minutes My train arrived a little bit early I got on I had to stand up the entire way home because it was just completely peak hour and actually busier than normal Not sure why then I probably got back to my station at about 5 p.m. Where I got off and I walked through a rain There was actually a heavy rain shower just as I got off the train so you'd know that would happen I got fairly wet on my way back to the car touched off in my go-kart and When I got back to the car I'd say I was the first or second car out of the car park on my way home There was a lot of water on the road on the way back It takes me about 10-15 minutes to drive home in the afternoon as soon as I did get home there I got ready to go to the gym. So I go to the gym. That's about probably 100 meters away from my house It's nice and convenient cheap only $10 a week When I got to the gym, I mostly did weights things like that. No cardio this time spent maybe 45 minutes at the gym that afternoon after that I went home had another shower and Started thinking about dinner, but there wasn't much in the house So I ended up just piecing together a burger out of everything We had some thin steak and some salad chips and cook that and that wasn't too bad and after dinner I just relaxed for the rest of the night I started watching a few TV shows the Big Bang Theory and then The Hangover came on on Channel 9 So I watched that through till about 1030 and finished at 1130. So I didn't quite make it all the way through About 1030. I went to bed. I would probably stayed awake till maybe 11 o'clock 1130. I only went to sleep I didn't actually say my alarm went off. I said I woke up at quarter past 6. I was there. Yes. No Um, I normally have a number of alarms, so I don't usually press snooze, but I would have woken up at the time I'd say 5 between 20 and 25 minutes. I didn't have toast for breakfast. I didn't have breakfast I drove to the train station in 10 minutes. I didn't drive to a bus stop No, I don't I would take a lot longer than the train would yes. I did get a seat on the train Towards Brisbane. No, I don't recall. I was listening to music. Um, I can't remember what it was No, I started work at 8 o'clock. That's my normal start time 3. That's fairly standard. Yes. No, just the soup I do. I think I had one cup of coffee yesterday. No, say two hours. Yeah, that's fairly standard. I didn't make lunch I bought it from the cafeteria. Um occasionally if I find the time at home not yesterday I'll train home would have left at about 20 past 4 the whole way. I was it's crowded enough It was more crowded than normal. I wasn't using an umbrella. Yes, that would have been 5 30 p.m. 30 seconds Yeah, um, it was a arms exercise using weights. Not sure what you call it in a frypan 1030 Okay, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment. That's all.