 Yeah, that sort of wasn't just out of the air, that thing's dodgy. I'm doing it all the time. Um, yesterday I woke up at about... Well, alarm went off at about 5.30. And then I usually snooze for about half an hour, 45 minutes. Um, then basically I got out of bed, um, ironed one of my shirts for the day. I was too lazy to basically get all of my shirts ready during the week like I usually do, so I just did, you know, the bare minimum I needed to for the day. Um, then just had a little bit of breakfast. Um, I've been trying this coconut oil. It's supposed to be, um, you know, healthy for you if you have about a teaspoon of it every day. So I've been trying to do that. Um, it tastes terrible, but I figured, you know, I may as well give it a shot. Um, I had a really bad case of glandular fever a few years ago and, um, you know, it got to the stage where I could barely work for about two hours a day and I was sleeping for the rest. So, um, I still have a bit of problem with fatigue and illness every now and then. So if someone says, ''Hey, look, try this, it's supposed to be good,'' I'll give it a shot. Um, so far it's going all right, but just usually you have to eat something with it cos it just sits in your stomach and doesn't feel too nice. Um, yeah, so just had a little bit of leftover rice and chicken for breakfast. Um, then just had a shower, got dressed, and, um, I just get dressed in pretty sort of regular, short shirt cos, you know, by the time you catch the bus, walk to work, you end up getting too hot and sweaty. So I actually take, um, you know, some clothes with me, you know, the ones I was meant to iron but didn't. Um, yeah, so walked to the bus stop. That was probably at about... I think it was 5 to... 5 to 7. Um, bus stop's only about 100, 150 metres away, so it doesn't take too long. Um, caught the bus. That goes from Tarragindi through onto the busway, um, then just to Queen Street. So I get off at Queen Street, then I walked, um, from there up to the police headquarters, to the building here. Um, probably... I think I got here at about 7.30. Um, it doesn't take too long on the bus. Um, so I got to my office, went and got changed. It usually takes about 15 minutes or so for me to get changed, just cos, you know, I like to relax a bit, cool down, cos otherwise, you know, again, you get all hot and sweaty in your clothes and it's not really a good look to have sweat patches on your shirt when you're in reception. You're supposed to be the face of the section. Um, then I started... probably sat down and started work at about a quarter to. Um, worked for about 45 minutes, then went down, got a coffee. Um, to be honest, the coffee in the building here doesn't taste very good, but it's close by, so I just sort of deal with it. I couldn't be bothered walking across the road or, you know, down the road somewhere else. Um, then... I mean, I'm just trying to think what I did in the morning as far as work goes. Basically, I just went through and did some admin tasks, some coupon tasks for a while. Um, went through and did some filing, um, organised the grace boxes that we archive our stuff to get them sent back. Then at 11.30, I went to lunch. There's a guy downstairs I used to work with, who I usually go for, you know, go for lunch with every day. Just sort of get out of the building, talk shit, basically. Just nothing about work, just to sort of keep your mind off it for about an hour. Um, then we usually go and actually get lunch as well because my old boss downstairs is disabled, so, you know, we usually just walk and go and get him some lunch on our way. Then I come back and sort of have a chat with him, just about stuff. Um, so then got back to the office about quarter past 12. Usually take the full 45 minutes for my break. Um, we can take 30 minutes if we want and just book the 15, but I never really bother with that. I'd rather have, you know, a decent break and even work longer. Um, once I got back from there, I went through and did some more filing. It's probably the most boring job that I have to do, but it's also one of the most important ones and also one of the ones for the reason why people never last in our section because they always just go insane from it, basically. Um, yeah, so I did that basically right until we finished work at 4 o'clock. Um, then just got dressed, walked down to the bus, caught the bus home. Actually, no, I stepped into, um... I walked down into the city to go to Skate Biz. It's a skate shop down there to have a look for some helmets. Um, I went there and tried on helmets for about half an hour until I could find one that actually fit my huge head. Turns out the extra large is still a little bit too tight, but there's nothing I can really do about that, so I'm just gonna get one anyway. Um, then I walked back up to the bus station, um, caught the bus home. Took about half an hour. Um, it's usually a little bit slower in the afternoons because there's sort of more people waiting at the first few bus stops. Um, got off the bus, walked home from the bus stop. Um, basically just changed my shoes and then, um, got my skateboard, drove to the skate park. Had a roll around there for about an hour or so. Um, the problem with the skate park there is because there's a lot of water that runs through it because it's basically built on an old swamp. So whenever it rains too bad, like it has been in the last few weeks, just water just soaks straight up through there and just sits there. So, um, you know, you spend most of the time just sort of sitting around talking to people anyway. Uh, there wasn't too much water, but the way it sort of snakes through is basically everywhere you want to go, there's just a little bit of water there. And, um, you know, if you're on a bike or something, you just ride straight through, it's fine. But if you're on a skateboard, you can slide out. Um, the last thing you want to do is actually get water into your bearings of your wheels because then they start to rust and, you know, they go slow and start to build up with gunk. So basically can't really do much. Um, a little bit because there's a couple of sections there where you can ride around. Um, nothing sort of too adventurous, but just to basically get out and do something. I mean, it pretty much works as my gym now. Um, you know, instead of going for a ride, going for a run or lifting weights at the gym, I go for a skate and it does basically the same thing. It's a lot more fun. Uh, yeah. Um, it goes for about 10 minutes. Um, yeah. Um, I can't actually remember, to be honest. I think I ironed my shirt first because I knew that needed to be done. It's not a normal breakfast, it was basically just leftovers from the night before dinner. Yeah, basically. Yeah, it's just about a, um, size of about a soup spoon, like a tablespoon. Just have one of them in the morning and one at night. Um, takes about five minutes. Um, in the morning it wasn't busy. Um, it usually is in the afternoon. Yeah, I usually get to sleep in the morning. Um, no, I can't read on the bus because I tend to get a bit, um, a bit dizzy, a bit sort of, um, sick. Um, it's about the only time I really get motion sickness if I'm trying to read, so I don't usually just stare out the window, listen to some music. Um, well, I've only got one album on my phone, on my iPod at the moment. It's, um, uh, Alt-J. It's the band that's sort of out now. I just needed to listen to something, so I bought that. Starting to get sick of that album. Yeah, well, because I buy everything from iTunes, um, because I don't have a problem actually paying for the music. Um, but, you know, I'm not that rich to just be buying it every day. Uh, so far it's lasted about two weeks, so that's not too bad. I'm starting to get a bit sick of it, so next pay I might look into getting something new. Um, no, I actually, the first thing I do is get changed. Um, just into my regular work clothes. Um, I don't usually get a coffee until I've started, been working for about half an hour or so. Um, it doesn't take up the majority of my day because I basically don't really like doing it, so I kind of try and do as little as I can. Um, I mean, I still do it because it needs to be done, but if there are more important things, then I'm happy to do that instead. Yeah, um, I mean, it was a fairly standard day. Um, the only real difference was when I had to send off all those grace boxes, sort of where we archive them, because we've basically just run out of space to keep all the fingerprints. Um, often I'll be ordering one or two boxes back a day for people to, because they need to get prints out of them, but it's only every few weeks that we'll actually group them all together and send them off. Um, we went up to 400 George Street. Um, there's a little sort of food court up there. Um, you know, it's got some sushi there. They're pretty cheap and it's pretty good. It's also got a little noodle bar that, um, that we usually get for my old boss. We get his lunch for him, and that's usually what he wants. Um, I only got two. Usually I'd get about four, but, um, I'm sort of trying to get a bit healthier and lose a bit of weight at the moment, so I'm just sort of cutting down. I'm not disciplined enough to cut out entire foods that I like, but I'm just sort of cutting down the size and hoping that'll work. Um, yeah, it's not... never a thing that I really thought of. Um, but I've seen a few people in the last couple of weeks hit their heads pretty heavily, and, um, sort of made me realise it's probably not a bad idea. Um, I did end up buying one, but not from scapers, actually. The people who work and run at scapers, um, well, to be honest, arrogant wankers, they always have been. So I just go in there to have a look at prices and sizes for stuff, and then I just go home and buy it on eBay or from a different skate shop that I know. I did buy it on eBay. Um, it was the same price, but I didn't mind, um, buying it. It still... It was from eBay, but it was from a store, a skate shop down in Sydney that I know they're pretty good, so I'm more than happy to buy it from them. Ah, no. Uh, no, not really. I've got a brace for my ankle cos I rolled it a few weeks ago. Actually, I rolled it a couple of months ago, and it's still a bit weak. Um, so it's just a brace to strengthen it, but that's about it. Um, all depending on the time I get there and what happens with the rain. Um, but that's about right at this time of year. Um, there was probably only about five or six. Um, you know, a few of them that I knew and a couple of people that I'm just not really sure. Just random guys who came. Ah, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Alright.