 Um, well first I woke up, then I had a piece of toast, um, then I brushed my hair. Um, I like to brush my hair actually before I have a shower. It tends to get, you know, because I've got quite a bad dandruff problem. Um, it's actually, it's really, really bad. I should probably have a look around here to make sure I didn't leave any around. Um, yeah, I usually sort of comb that out before I have a shower, um, because then it's a lot easier to clean the shower again afterwards. So, I've got a few hygiene issues which is a bit of a problem. I kind of feel awkward sort of talking about it, but anyways. Um, yeah, then after the shower, um, just had a bit more breakfast again. Um, I try not to eat too much toast because, you know, I am watching my weight at the moment and a lot of carbs. Um, you know, it's, it's just so hard, you know, being a husky guy like myself. You know, lots of carbs, lots of sugar. It's just what my, I think my body craves, but, um, you know, obviously it just doesn't because when I hop on the scales every morning it's just a pain. Um, anyway, sort of after that, I usually get a bit sad after breakfast for that reason and then I'll, you know, finally just go through iron my clothes. Um, you know, I've only just learned how to iron my clothes because I live with my mom and she's done it for so many years. You know, she really likes to baby me and actually doesn't let me sort of iron. It's mainly just because the iron itself is really hot and she doesn't like me touching it. You know, she worries too much. Same with the stove, you know, that sort of thing, but, you know, they're mothers. That's what they do. Um, yeah, so then after, you know, I did a very terrible job of ironing my shirt. Actually, I think I did a good job this morning, so you can't really see it too badly. Um, then I walked down to the bus stop. Um, of course, I usually like to ride to work when I can, but just with the rain that's been happening lately, it's just been a joke. Um, you know, I'll end up sliding out, sort of already fallen and hurt my knee a couple of times riding home from work, so I don't really want to do it again. Um, so yeah, I catch the bus. Um, so it's pretty good because the bus stop's only about 100 meters away from my house. So, um, you know, I'm there within five minutes. The buses come every 10 minutes now. It still costs about $6 to get on them, which I think's a joke that public transport costs so much, but there's nothing you can really do about that. Um, yeah, so usually I still just have it instilled in the back of my head that you gotta sit at the back of the bus, you know, from in high school when that's all the cool kids sat. Um, so I usually walk all the way to the back, just listen to some music from my iPhone. Um, the bus is pretty good. It only takes about 20 minutes along the busway. Um, so then that gets, I'd stop off at the Queen Street down the bus station there. So let's just walk through, maybe get some cash out, get some breakfast there. Um, there's a really good Japanese bakery called Bread Top where I usually get something to eat there. But again, you know, a lot of the stuff's very fatty, very sugary, so I only treat myself to it every now and then. Um, and then I'll walk through, um, sort of Queen Street, um, sort of do King George Square down onto George Street and to Roma Street to work. Um, um, yesterday, actually, it was a bit different yesterday. I went and got a coffee from the cafeteria first before I went up to my office, which I don't usually do, but I just had a pretty restless night. So, you know, I figured I needed a coffee. Um, and then basically I'll get dressed. Um, I don't like to wear my work clothes sort of on the bus in the mornings, especially in summer, it gets that hot and humid that you end up all sort of covered in sweat and it's pretty gross. So, um, I like to have a shower at work before I get dressed, um, then sort of start my day. Um, you know, I usually get in at about eight o'clock. I got in a quarter past yesterday, but just wrote down that I actually got in an hour early. I'm trying to sort of just build up a few more hours. You know, I don't think they're going to mind too much. It's not like I'm going to get done for fraud or anything like that. Um, yeah, so after I went through and sort of fudged my, um, my, my times on my book, um, I usually just stare at the screen for a while. Um, yesterday I managed to, to get Tetris working on the computer. So I played that for only about six hours, I'd say. Um, it's kind of hard because you've got to minimize it down into a little screen on the side while you've got a few other things going. Um, most people when they're walking past, they can't see. I got sprung a couple of times yesterday, but it was only by this one guy, Ross, and he doesn't really care too much. I actually showed him how to do it. So he's pretty happy. Um, then at about 11 o'clock, I think I went to lunch. Um, there's a bloke down on the second level that I used to work with. I'm pretty good friends with, so I usually go and go to lunch with him. Basically just sit there, talk shit, you know, just look around as you go and get some sushi. Just sort of, you know, it frees your mind a bit of all the crap you gotta leave back at work, you know. Sort of, we don't talk about work whatsoever. It's what we did on the weekend, you know, our family, kids, that sort of thing. Um, let me see. I can't really remember what I did after lunch. It wasn't too much. Um, again, I think I just went back to playing Tetris for a while. Um, and then what else did I do? Oh yeah, I got trapped in the elevator when I was trying to go down to level one. It's the service elevator they've got that goes from the ground to level four. It's, um, the thing's a death trap, you know. I've tripped through it once. Um, I've noticed that there's a few screws that are coming loose to it. Um, you know, it's closed on me three times already. But, you know, I still use it because I'm just, I like that sense of adventure in my day, you know. Any little thing helps when you work such a boring mundane job. Um, I was actually trapped for about an hour. Um, it was, it was really scary. Especially since that was, you know, I was actually supposed to have finished work by then because, um, you know, I was still here at about six o'clock, which I should have gone home. But I just, I sometimes just don't like, you know, leaving the building because I feel lonely at home by myself. So yeah, I was trapped in there for about an hour. Um, I contemplated calling somebody to help, but then, you know, I'm not actually supposed to be in the building that late. So I sort of freaked out. So what I ended up doing is ripping the doors open myself and climbing out. Um, so that was pretty lucky because I don't really know what I would have done in that scenario because, you know, I talk tough when it comes down to any serious situations and I'm just useless, you know. Um, my alarm went off at 5.30, but I still just laid in bed for about another hour after that because I find it pretty hard to get up in the morning. So I usually just stand there and let it snooze over and over and over every morning, every single morning. Um, I had a piece of toast, um, and then I had another piece of toast after that actually. But again, I'm trying not to do that too often. I only ironed the one. Um, I'm a bit lazy like that. I only do basically the bare minimum of what I can throughout my day. So if I've only got to have one shirt for the day, I'll only iron one. Um, I don't catch the train. I catch the bus. No, I hate trains. I'm terrified of trains. I always have been. Dodgy people catch trains and they scare me every time. Yep. Um, the ride usually takes me about 30 minutes. Um, so it depends how I'm feeling though. If I'm, you know, full of energy and action, then it'll only take about 15. But usually I pretty much just dawdle along. So it takes about half an hour. About that, yeah. Um, I'm not actually sure because I haven't looked. Um, again, even the idea of trains just really, really scares me. So I try not to talk about them if I can. Um, I grabbed a, um, a crab roll. It's because it's not regular sort of bakery. They've got some very strange flavours. And one of them is actually crab meat in a roll. And it's actually horrible, but I like the sound of it. So I buy it anyway. Um, it takes about 10 to 15 minutes, all depending on whether it's raining. Again, um, you know, whether I'm feeling pretty sad that morning, I usually just shuffle along. You know, if I've had a few coffees and an energy drink, I might just run. So it all depends. It wasn't raining yesterday. Um, I didn't grab tea. I drank coffee. I told you that earlier. Um, yeah, well, I sort of started about a quarter past. But, well, according to my time sheet though, I started at seven o'clock. But let's not tell anyone. Ooh, um, I think it was about 10 o'clock was the first time. Um, and then it was just before lunch again that I got sprung. But that one, it was all right because I ended up sort of installing the game onto the guy's computer. So he owes me. I'm using it to blackmail him, really. Um, I had lunch at 11.30 yesterday. Um, I didn't make lunch. I never make my own lunch. Um, I don't actually know how to cook other than just toast. So I went and got some sushi. Um, I don't actually know what it was called. I don't actually ask. I just tell them to surprise me every time because I can't speak Japanese. And I think it'd be rude for me to try. Um, it was about six o'clock if I can recall. Um, yeah, I think six o'clock. But mind you, my memory is a little bit iffy sometimes. Um, I was between floors. Um, so I actually had to sort of scale up onto the floor, um, which was a little bit scary. Uh, no, I walked home after that. Um, the walk home took about an hour and a half. Uh, I don't eat steak. I'm actually a vegan. Um, I had the idea of steak. Actually, I'm quite upset you even asked that. I didn't have any dinner last night. I was too shaken up from the day. I just couldn't eat. Mm-hmm. Uh, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. All right. I apologize if I was talking too much shit. It's boring.