 Oh no, that's alright. I woke up at about, well, woke up initially at about 2.40 when my fiancee woke up to go to the bathroom and then she couldn't go back to sleep so she turned on the TV and then watched some TV but then I went back to sleep. I woke up with my alarm at about 20 minutes past four and came into work. I was wondering how miserable it was going to be riding into work because of all the rain that we'd had and it was raining through the night on and off and then I got ready for work and hopped on my bike and rode outside from the car in the garage and it wasn't raining very much but the road was very wet so I got a very wet bum and lots of road grime on it. I rode into work, I changed, tidied myself up a bit and then relieved on LiveScan down at work. I was hoping to work on my court file yesterday but I never actually got relieved from LiveScan so I sat on LiveScan all day. I finished work at one o'clock and took my fiancee out to lunch with a two-for-one voucher that someone at work had given me down at the coffee club and near the Supreme Court I had a citrus chilli chicken salad and she had a salmon and avocado stack and we had a glass of wine and then I went home and got ready to do the afternoon duty with the kids and things like that. I picked the little kids up from school. Liam had tennis straight after school and I took Bailey home, gave her some afternoon tea then we went back, we picked Liam up from tennis, went home, gave Liam some afternoon tea and Bailey got ready for her dance class. After that Lucy finished work and she met us for a drink. Liam had a milkshake and we had a glass of wine and then we went and picked Bailey up after her jazz and then we went home and I started getting dinner ready. We had tacos for dinner last night and then we watched My Kitchen Rules and then the little kids went to bed at about quarter to eight or eight o'clock and then at about twenty past eight or ten past eight Lucy went to bed because she wasn't feeling the best and I went and picked Taylor up. She'd been at cheerleading all afternoon, came home and then I fed Taylor and then sent her off to bed and then I went to bed. I was about 2.40 the first time and then my alarm went off at four. Well Lucy just put the TV on and I think she was just flicking through to find out something that was on and then I think she was going to put on a TV show that we had recorded but I just rolled over and went back to sleep. What I had for breakfast? Nothing. Not before I go to work. I'll often have breakfast at work but I didn't have anything yesterday. I was 4.30. Bike? About seven minutes. Yes. I used to have a motorbike and ride and park under work but I could walk or run or catch a bus but I very rarely catch public transport to work so generally it's just riding my push bike. None. No. Probably about five minutes because I was sitting on LiveScan. LiveScan? It's like the electronic fingerprinting so there's a LiveScan device, well actually there's about 65 LiveScan devices all throughout Queensland now and they just look like a glass plate where people they get fingerprinted and instead of using paper and ink they just use the glass plate that's kind of like a photocopier and it sends those fingerprints through to us and they print out in our office and then we check to see if the person is recorded and we verify if they've been recorded who they are and then we do a search against unidentified latent fingerprints from crimes around the state and verify whether that person has been identified against those prints. I processed 79 sets of fingerprints through LiveScan from when I started. No. No. That's a... that was a kind of an average cruisey kind of a day. I finished work just before one. I brought leftovers in but then I didn't have those yesterday. I took Lucy out to lunch to the coffee club. It didn't take me long to make my lunch at all. Well I walked from the coffee club back to work and then got my bike and rode home so it might have been about 25 minutes walking from the coffee club and then riding home. I was at school probably at about 12 minutes to three and I spoke to the office. I had some paperwork I needed to follow up but they don't finish school till just after three. I didn't. He went to tennis straight after school. Since probably term two last year or maybe even since the start of last year. Afternoon tea they had some mango yogurt. They had some orange cake and they had grapes. Probably 40 minutes. Last night the episode of My Kitchen Rules was with Lisa and Stefano. Stefano proposed to Lisa before they... before... well when all the guests and the judges arrived before they started eating. Their entree didn't go that well. They had mussels with potato puree and almonds and they were doing up a rabbit ragu for the main course and I had to go pick Taylor up when that came on and the show was over by the time I got home. I left at about 10 minutes past eight. Cheerleading, yes. Brisbane All-Stars cheerleading. After feeding Taylor and everything I probably went to bed. I probably hopped into bed about 9 30 and it was probably about 10 o'clock. I think I woke Lucy up and pissed her off because the TV was on. So it was about 10 o'clock when I turned the TV off. Yes. Okay. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Excellent.