 I came to work. I woke up at 20 past four and came in to work and was here at quarter to five and started just doing normal stuff around the office and then was checking rosters to see who was on and realized that I was supposed to be at firearms and not starting till seven. So I then waited for one of the other guys who was going to firearms yesterday to come in and then we both went out to Belmont and did our firearms recall and came back to the office, oh and post and then came back to the office and had a bite to eat and then went home. In the afternoon I got our 12 year old daughter to do a few jobs around the house and did a few bits and pieces like that and then made arrangements to go out for dinner last night. I picked my fiancé up from work at about four and then we just went home, unwound a bit, discussed a few bits and pieces. I've got a mediation session for child support coming up and we discussed that and then one of our neighbours came over to have a look. Our wedding invitations arrived the other day and then we went out for dinner. We had a nice dinner and went home and sat in front of the TV for a little bit. Yep, yep, no, yep, rode my push bike. Well, walking out my door at home and in the door at work is 12 minutes. Yeah, I would have been about, oh, half past five, a quarter to six or something like that, once a year. No, no, I may have had a cup of tea but I don't remember. No, no, no, I just came in and I was just doing other work. So, I come in, because I'm in early, I often, I'll relieve the night shift and so I generally go and sit down on LiveScan and wait there for someone else to come and relieve me. Yes, 7.45. Yes, I think we worked it out yesterday. It was only about 25 minutes but it's because I know shortcuts and the back ways to avoid traffic and things like that. Yeah, I was in between 7 and 7.45. Just one, one other guy. Oh, you go over there, you have a safety briefing, you then do your TOETs, test of elementary assembly, and then we went and did post training, which is, I guess, like the grappling. They showed us how to do, utilise the tyre deflation, deflation devices. Again, a bit of a refresher. And then, yeah, just hand-to-hand, sort of, dealing with people who don't want to be dealt with and new technique. Yeah, yeah. It was, it was a pretty good day though. I mean, they taught us some stuff that was kind of interesting and the other guy from the office who came out with me, he's like, why weren't they showing us that 15 years ago when I was on the road, kind of thing. No, none of it, none of it is relevant to our position at all, but we still have to go along to maintain our operational status. So, we left there about quarter past one or something like that. No, we'd taken our lunch out, but because we, normally you have a break between post and firearms, but because the guys who did the firearms first finished really quickly, the guys who were doing the firearms, taking us for firearms, were ready to go straight away. And so, we just sort of skipped lunch and like the two of us did, and then we decided, well, we'll just eat it when we go back to the office. Yep. Chicken casserole. And I left here about half past two. No, normally I will, if I'm here, it's normally a five to one. So, yeah, she'd been lying on the couch watching TV all day, so it gave her some jobs to do. I suggested to her that perhaps she could bring the washing in, and then I suggested to her that she bring the towels in and fold the towels. And then I said that perhaps the washing that she'd just brought in that was hers and she'd just thrown in her room, perhaps she could put that away and tidy her room. And then I didn't see her again for the rest of the afternoon. Yeah, yeah. Well, because each time I gave her a job, she did it and then came back to lie on the couch and watch more TV. So, eventually she got the hint that perhaps coming back to the couch and lying on it to watch more TV wasn't going to get her very far. So, yeah, but her room was nice and tidy yesterday afternoon, actually. About quarter to four, twelve to four, something like that. No, she just works around the corner on North Quay. Kerry popped up about half past five, I think, thereabouts. Yeah, yes, yeah. 22nd of September. Plenty of time. Well, I'm not on top of anything. I'm along for the ride. Casablanca. I ordered the emu. I have had emu before. My uncle used to have an emu farm. So, no, it wasn't as good as it could have been. But the flavours, like everything else that was with the dish, was really good. Not too long for those. The service wasn't particularly attentive, but we weren't there for the service or anything like that. We were just there to have a night out. I bought a voucher a month or so ago to have dinner there. We saw the last few minutes of My Kitchen Rules and then we started with Criminal Minds, pretty much. Oh, I think we went to bed around about, sometime probably between 9.30 and 10. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment