 I had the day off but I don't remember what I did. Oh. Alright, I got up, I don't think it was that early, 6.30 or 6.45 or something like that. Got the kids' lunches ready and got their breakfast sorted and all those sorts of things and then took them and Lucy all off to work. Actually no, I took Lucy to work and left the kids at home to finish getting ready and then came back home and then took the kids to school. I then went out to Chermside, I had my little MacBook looked at because it wasn't charging. Found out that the charger was dead so they replaced that. I then went to Aldi to get coffee pods for the coffee machine and grabbed a few other bits and pieces while I was there. I then went home and spent most of the next few hours calling up organisations to change credit card details because I've got a new credit card so updating whatever the recurring payment information. Also chasing up information, I'm in the process of changing cars so financial institutions and things like that. Then picked Taylor up from high school, then picked Bailey up from school, brought them home, gave them afternoon tea, then picked Liam up from tennis, brought him home, then took Bailey dance, then picked Lucy up from work and dropped Taylor off at cheerleading and then picked Bailey up from dance and went home and helped Lucy get dinner ready. We had dinner, watched House Rules and then I went and picked Taylor up from cheerleading and then sat down and had a drink with Lucy watching the TV. Then we went to bed. I started watching A Perfect Murder but then decided probably about half an hour before it finished that I should go to sleep. I think Lucy's alarm might have gone off at 6.30 and mine went off at 6.45. Yeah, don't want to sleep in and have the kids running around like madmen. Lunches yesterday, I think they got bread rolls with leftover corned beef in them for lunch. They had pieces of fruit in their lunch boxes. So Taylor usually gets two mandarins or a mandarin and a plum I think I gave her yesterday. Bailey got a banana and a mandarin and Liam got either just a banana or an apple or something like that. The girls both like, they've got these little stringy, like fruit tail type string things. Liam doesn't like them. So the girls got those. Liam got a couple of snakes in his lunch box instead. They got some snacks in there, so like biscuits or something or other. Yesterday I think I, in and around doing bits and pieces, they were going off, Dad, your wheat bits are getting soggy. I'm like, that's alright, I've got other things I need to do. I did. I got home at probably five to eight or ten to eight to drop Lucy at work. No, probably round trip would have been back home by about ten past eight. Yep. So then dropped the little kids off at their school, which is at Milton and then Taylor is at Kelvin Grove and then continued from Kelvin Grove on out to Chermside. Well I had, I turned up, I had to make an appointment. So it was nine o'clock when I got there and they said they made me an appointment for nine forty five, so I went for a stroll around Chermside, went to a bottle shop and had a look what their prices were and then just sat down and chilled. Didn't feel like spending any money but didn't feel like doing anything else. Just waited and then went back at about nine thirty five, which they said to get back a little bit early and then let them know that I was there and they said, oh, we've got a few busy, a little bit busy so we might be five minutes late and they said just go sit over there. So I was probably about ten to ten when they saw me and then would have, it didn't take them too long to diagnose the issue but then they had to get a replacement charger off site. So, well they normally do but they were out of that stock so they had to get one from off site so that took maybe, I don't know, twenty minutes or so. Yep. Yep. I bought the, I think it's a Torino or whatever, the eleven, the strongest ones they make, because Lucy likes those. And while I was there I also bought some hot chocolate coffee, like pods, coffee machine for the kids and bought some red licorice for Lucy because she loves it and I think they were, oh I bought honey. Yep. She put them in the coffee machine and pushed the button and yes, ah no, I didn't. I went to Queensland Transport and dropped off some number plate that had meaning for my ex-wife and I no longer needed and then, then I went home. I did, it was cold and I had leftover butter chicken which was warming. It was probably from dinner on the weekend actually, it might have been from Saturday night when I was working. I left home probably about ten to three to get over to Kelvin Grove. Well Liam was still at tennis. When I got the two girls home I made them, was in the process of making them macaroni cheese because I'd been running a little bit late. Made the macaroni cheese and was just, that was just finishing up and then I had to go pick Liam up from tennis. So I left the girls in charge of that and then got Liam, came, came home and then we all had lamingtons together. Just Tuesday, Tuesday's our nightmare day. Everything, everyone's got activities on Tuesday and they run from the end of school till 8.30 at night. Yes. Except for after picking Bailey up from jazz or tap or whatever she had second because she does two classes, then it's home and dinner and then have a bit of a sit down. So I've probably got about two hours before I have to go out and pick Taylor up at half past eight. We had shepherd's pie and I've got leftovers for lunch today. We hopped into bed probably about, would have been not long after 9.30 I think and then, yeah, and watched that. It was probably about, oh, nearly half past eleven when I decided, nah, even though I couldn't remember the end, I thought, no, I really should go to sleep. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no letter. No comment, no comment, no comment.