 Yesterday morning I got up about six o'clock-ish, had my breakfast which consisted of an orange juice and two Wepex. Went up and got the train. I fed the dog first. Went up and caught the train, came to work and processed my work which involves in the processing of the fingerprints for security provider licenses. And that took quite a fair amount of time because I had Monday off unfortunately and so I had a leftover work from Monday that came in when I wasn't there so it was quite good. The idea of my work is so that in checking up the fingerprints, see if any other security providers have got any previous criminal history and I pass that on to the Office of Fair Trades and they use that information to find out what the history was and decide whether or not to give the person a license. Which is pretty good. Then after work, finished at about 3.30, went home. Grandkids were at home so looked after them for a while. And I've got an old pianola that is quite heavy, iron frame. About four fellows around and we shifted the pianola from one room to another which took a bit of grunting and groaning because it is very heavy. After that, had dinner with the grandkids and then I went out to a meeting that lasted until about 10.30 at night. So the meeting was involved on what they call an area coordinator for a ministry team for our church. And so the area coordinators get together every so often and we discuss what's going on with the church itself and how we can better make the areas that we're controlling with our church. So, hmm, about six. Didn't have any toast, had two wheat bits instead. Approximately 20 minutes. Don't know. I caught the train and that particular train, I missed the first one. So that one left at 6.40. Train trip to work, very boring as usual. Yeah, I just sat there reading my book. There was other people having conversations around the place. Because I live fairly close to the city, it only took 20 minutes. So it was always a fairly good, nice pleasant trip in and people at that time of the morning, of course, people are not willing to get to work, but they're eager to talk to people about different things just to get over the night, I suppose, night sleep. So, yeah, yes, I did. Which one was I facing? I was facing forward this time. Yeah, that's correct. Well, yes, there is, of course, the train's a lot quicker. Buses, I tend to find, go around the streets and take a lot longer to get there. Yeah. 7.15 yesterday. Yesterday was about 82, I think. 4. I didn't pay anything. I bring my lunch with me. Never buy my lunch. What did I have for lunch yesterday? I had leftover stir fry from the previous night's meal and rice. 3.30. Now that's a good question. I just catch whatever train comes along. I think it was about the 3.46. I think that rings a bell. I did, and I was facing forward, and it was a double seat this time. About four minutes. Lots of trees, lots of cars, neighbours, houses. Not when I got off the train. No, that was good. Only when I went to the station, which made me a bit late to miss the first train. It's boring. Well, there's only two home, but I have four total and two step-grandkids. Yeah. Didn't take too long by the time we all got there. Probably about 10 minutes max. Didn't have chicken for dinner last night. What did we have for dinner last night? That's a good point. We had stew. Stew and mashed potato. No, my wife does the cooking. We don't like burnt stuff all the time before we cook. No. The car? Three minutes. They're about monthly, depending on what we need to do. In a couple of months' time, well, no, in less than a month's time, we got a couple in a row because of different things that's coming up. Didn't read a book in the evening. Didn't have time. I was too tired. Ah, it would have been about 11 o'clock by the time I headed to the pillar. Okay. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment on that one. Is there a reason for that? Oh, okay.