 Yesterday I woke up to my alarm at 5.06 like I usually do, but because I wasn't working in the city yesterday, I was working out at Oxley, I rolled back over and went to sleep until about quarter to seven. I then got up and helped my husband get children ready for school and saw them off at 7.30. So that included giving them breakfast, ironing clothes, packing lunches, washing faces, brushing hair. At 7.30 I rode on my exercise bike for about half an hour while I read a book and I then had some breakfast, which was wheatbick. I jumped in and had a shower and did some dishes, cleaned up the kitchen and the bathroom. One of my colleagues from Oxley lives around the corner from me, so she picked me up at about five to nine and we drove out to Oxley because the library's in the process of upgrading our library management system. That's why I went out to Oxley, so that I could speak to all the staff out there about what to expect from the new system and to also ask, because all of the technical services is centralised out there, just to ask for their wishes, what they want in the new system, what they don't want that's in our current one. So I spent the day out there in meetings pretty much all day with them, just going through different scenarios. At the end of the day, my husband came and collected me on his way home. We went and picked the children up from school, decided that we would have Chinese for dinner because we couldn't be bothered cooking and drove to the shops at Kenmore where we bought Chinese. I bought my daughter a bag for soccer, which she's starting on Saturday, and went home, had our Chinese, gave the kids baths, did homework and spelling tests and reading, put the kids to bed and we then watched Grand Designs for a while off the internet. I read some more of my book and went to sleep. At the moment it's very rare that I actually go out there, but during the upgrade to the library management system, I'll try to work one day a week out there. No, my husband just woke me up when he figured I'd had enough. No, we do that in the morning. We should do it at night, but we're too tired at night time to do anything, so we do it all in the morning. My son had ham and cheese sandwiches and my daughter had Vegemite sandwiches. We put Say-O's for Vegemite in the bag, they have rice crackers, bananas, yogurt, apple. Yeah, I think that's about it. I usually ride at a constant speed. I have back issues at the moment, so I can't really push my back too much, so I just try to keep it fairly level for the moment. It's the fourth book in the Game of Thrones series. I can't even remember what this one's called. Oh, A Feast for Crows, I think it is. Yeah, I usually ride 10Ks. I think it only took about 20 minutes yesterday. Yeah, no, I spent the whole day out there. I bought lunch. I had chips and salad about five past five. Yeah, we ordered it when we got there. We ordered chicken with barbecue sauce, a short soup for my husband because that's his favorite, a large fried rice, Mongolian beef, and prawn chip. 15 minutes. Yes, this is her first time on Saturday. My son played last year and she's decided she wants to play this year. Yeah, he's two years older. They do it at Taringa Rovers and it's a really good program where on a Saturday morning they do about 45 minutes just of training and ball skills and then they have a little half hour game which isn't scored. They don't actually have goalies or anything, so it is basically all the kids just going like that. We don't know. We think she's just doing it because her brother does it. My son has loved sport ever since he was born and he's really good at it, whereas Lolly tends to trip over her own feet, so we'll see how she goes. Oh no, she's not into girly things. It had to be a blue bag with rockets on it. She didn't want the ones with the flowers or the stars or anything. It had to be navy blue. And she's got blue soccer boots. Yep. Yep. Xander has spelling words he has to write out every night and he'll often have to make sentences with them. And then because he has a spelling test every Friday of those words, we always test him on his spelling. And then they both have reading homework. No, it was the UK one, but it was actually Grand Designs Abroad. So it was about an English couple that moved to France and built a house in France. No, it was actually a house made out of straw. They were hippie organic type people. Yeah. I didn't like it. It wasn't to my taste. And we had seen one before where they made a straw house, but they made it quite professionally, whereas this one, the guy was literally just putting hay bales in the wooden frame and it just didn't seem to work as well. Probably about halfway, I think. Probably about a week, I think. I think about 1130. Yeah. No comments. No comments. No comments. No comments. comment.