 I don't know whether I can remember what I did when I woke up yesterday morning. Yesterday morning I woke up, what was yesterday, Thursday. I got up and I ironed clothes and I finished off some homework with my son. While my husband made them breakfast I jumped in and had a shower and we then made sure all the bags were packed and lunches were made and I had a quick breakfast. We then drove and dropped kids at school and yesterday was really cold so we madly had to try and find jumpers and things. I then, we drove, my husband dropped me at the train station. So I got on the train, came into work. I arrived early yesterday, I was here about quarter past eight and I went straight to the canteen and got some raisin toast which I generally do every day and they now know my name and what I order every day. Most of my work yesterday was to do with the library has purchased some new tablet devices. We bought a Samsung Galac Tab and a Microsoft Surface tablet and an iPad and as the systems librarian it's my job to configure them all, get them all set up and I'm also doing some training guides for them. So I worked on that up until lunchtime and then Kim and I and my sister who works across the road went to the tram salon where I had chips and salad. I was there for about an hour. When I came back in the afternoon we had a meeting with one of the legal publisher vendors to talk about prices for next year. That went for about an hour and yesterday afternoon I did some more configuration work on the tablets until it was home time. Got back on the train, met my husband at the El Dorado at Indooroopilly like I do every afternoon. We quickly went to Woolies and bought a few things for dinner and lunches. We collected the kids from after school care, got home, did homework, did their home reading book. My son had a show and tell presentation today so I had to help him find information on anacondas and gave the kids dinner, put them to bed. My husband and I then watched some Buffy the Vampire Slayer and went to bed. Six o'clock. If I don't have a big weekend I generally get in on Sunday and do it but last weekend was my mum's 60th birthday and we had things on Friday night, Saturday and Sunday and of course Sunday being Mother's Day as well, I didn't do it. Every day I tell myself I'm going to do it the night before and it doesn't end up happening. He has to do spelling words every day so he has 10 spelling words that he has to write and learn and he does a spelling test every Friday. He also has home reading books that he brings home every day and because he's kind of skipped a few levels up now, the books that he's reading he can't just finish in one night, they're a bit longer so we were just finishing that off. Yeah, really good. He's a good little speller. I had Fruity Wicks. I like the wild berry flavour. Eight o'clock. I listen to music and read, I'm reading their Game of Thrones series. I think it technically booked number five in the series but because the collection that I got, two of the books are split into two, it's number seven so far. And he's currently writing another one I think. No, because we've been so busy, I am generally a pretty quick reader but I've been getting home over night time and just haven't felt like reading. And I've also been a bit, I got a new Jigsaw Puzzles app on the iPad and I tend to... No, no I don't. I do bring my iPad to work sometimes but now that we've got the work iPad, I don't bring it in as much because I was using it before for meetings and stuff like that. But we will be sending the iPad out to one of our other brands soon so I'll start bringing mine in. Eight thirty. No, usually just in winter. And I don't drink coffee so no I hadn't. In some ways the Samsung is very similar to iPad obviously because they got sued over ripping off the design. But in other ways it's like they've tried to make themselves not like the iPad so they're a bit trickier to work out I find. Just because the iPad is so easy to use. Yeah, yep. And next week because it's library week we're having what we've labelled the technology petting zoo where anybody in the QPS can come into the library and play with the tablet to see what they're all about. So I really need to know how to use them before other people come in. iPad. Yeah. We have apps for the databases that the library subscribes to so like things like EBSCO and Safari and things like that for ebook. We also have app for legal resources and we've also tried to download a few of the ones that the QPS have actually produced so like the police link app. And I think Flexible Learning have created what they call apps but they're really a PDF that you then save on your tablet. About an hour? Yeah. Yeah, usually. My sister and I generally have lunch at least twice a week together and we try to move around and not spend too much money. But the trains now have like their $9.90 lunch special so it's pretty good. Yep. Four? Yes. 4.30. I think three? Yep. Frittata. There was bacon, capsicum, potato, peas, I think a little bit of pasta. Oh it was delicious. Really good. No, on DVD. About three. Season three. Probably about 11 o'clock. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.