 Yesterday, oh yesterday was super fun. Yesterday I was at a friend's place from the night before so I had to come home early in the morning and then I had a dentist appointment so I went to that which was just a routine cleaning. So that was at about 9.20 so I think I got in to work at about 10 and had morning tea which is my jumbo caramel latte and a toast veggie muff. And then what did I do for work today? Oh we would have been working on library week stuff, library week next week so we're getting ready to display in the foyer so we need to do posters. So we've done most of the generic library week saying the date and what it is and everything so then we had to think of what else we were going to do down there so we're going to promote. So super fun, we're going to promote some of our social media books, new social media books and books on iPhones and the new tablet or whatever. So I was doing up the posters for those so basically all it is is an A4 or A3 page about a book so just the title and author and publication details, a picture of the book and table of content so we just make those look pretty. And then what did we do? And then everyone else had a meeting with the guy from Thompson about one of our databases and subscriptions and everything. I looked after the phone and the library while they all went to that meeting. God what did I do in the afternoon? I think I still did more library week though. We're also at the moment running a library week activity where people have to find Sherlock Holmes on the library intranet pages so they have to follow all the clues along so whenever that gets done I just have to reply to the people and look after all of the paperwork associated with that so we have had a few entries for that. I don't think I did anything else so I finished work, I think I left work at about quarter past four and went home. What did I do for dinner? I think I had a very boring dinner of microwaved vegetables, healthy yet very unexciting. And then watched some TV I think. What did I watch on TV? Oh, started watching The Block. There's a new episode of The Block on so I watched that. And then I went to bed early because I was tired. So you met here, where did you meet and where were you going? No, no, I had my friend, he cooked me dinner so he made me roast rack of lamb and some roast vegetables which was yummy and we had maybe a couple of glasses of red wine. Wow. So did you have to get up early? Yes, so I think I was woken up at about six, actually no, it must have been a bit later so maybe six thirty I had to get up and get back into town. And how long did it take you? I lived at Holland Park so it was quite early so it was before peak hour traffic so maybe less than fifteen minutes. Then I had to get ready and feed the cat. So you're basically home. Yeah, pretty much. So you're dentist? It was close to my house but maybe I didn't go straight there so I might have sat down and watched TV for like half an hour. No, I think I got there at exactly nine twenty and I think I maybe had to wait five minutes so it was pretty quick. So how long were you there? Just a teeth cleaning, well I got to work probably just slightly after ten so I must have left my dentist maybe a quarter to two so I was only in there for about fifteen minutes. When you got to work, you were still... No, that's usually just breakfast, I don't usually have anything earlier because I'm lazy. So library week's next week. Yes. Yes, yes, yep. So you put a picture of the book on? Yep, so on each poster there's just like the book cover and some details about the book. And you guys? Yeah, pretty much. I pretty much get told by Katrina as to what books we were promoting so I think there was about five or six books. I've just got some new ones because social media seems to be the thing that everyone wants nowadays and we got some new tablet devices for the library so we got some books about how to use those so we're promoting all of those. There's also... Yes. Is he, it's a little character? Yeah. How does he look? It's just pretty much a black and white image of Sherlock Holmes so I think there's like four clues to be able to find him. So for example, the first clue is you had to look for a particular book in the library catalogue. So you go to the page, it gives you the clue, you go search the library catalogue for that book and in the record for that book it will give you the next clue, which I can't remember what that was. You had to go to a particular page and find something else and then that gave you the next clue. So I think there was about four or five clues. So the last clue takes you to the page where the image of Sherlock Holmes is and then it tells you what to do from there. People submit their... And do they win a prize? They do, it's very exciting. It's that Three Crooked Kings book that's been put out about Terry Lewis. So yeah, they go into the draw. So you don't immediately win a prize, just by doing it you will go into the draw. But it gets people to... Yeah, yeah. So we've had 29 entries so far, it's not even library week yet. We had a funner activity last year, we had like a library week quiz but just about fun things like police and movies and TV, you know, Clancy Wiggins and everything. And we had just under 60 entries so we're hoping to beat that but I don't think so. So in library, what ties that? I think we've pretty much advertised it as much as we can but we might send out another QPS or email I think on Monday to advertise it but I don't reckon we're going to get more. I reckon we've only been getting maybe three or four entries a day and it's dropping off so I don't think we're going to hit... So is it yours? Yeah, no. No, pretty much nothing happened. I think they were in the meeting for about half hour, 45 minutes so I don't think much happened. Did I head straight home? Yes, I did. Yes, yes. No, I've been watching it. They do the repeats of it the day after like on one of the digital channels so I haven't exactly watched it at time that it's on so I watched the repeats at 5.30 and then I actually did watch it, I think it's on at 7 or 7.30, I actually watched the real episode then, yeah. But I've been watching repeats early. I'm actually too embarrassed to say, I think it was about 8, quarter past 8, maybe a little earlier than that. No, I think I waited till 8, it was definitely 8 o'clock before I went. So last time on the recording? Yeah, yeah, no comment. You wait. No comment, no comment, no comment. Bless you. Excuse me, is it library week? No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. I'll stop the recording.