 yesterday. I forgot to set my alarm so I think I woke up at about 3am and realized that I hadn't set it. So I tried to set it and usually I like to have it on the radio setting so the alarm doesn't beep at me like really early in the morning. But I didn't realize that I'd flicked the switch to make it beep so at 6.30am it went really loudly and started beeping which wasn't a great start to the day. So then I turned it off and I don't like to get up straight away so I kind of lay there. Got up at about 7 o'clock. Takes me about half an hour to get ready and then I walk to work. Pretty uneventful. So I think I got to work, I think I was actually on time for work yesterday. So maybe I got, actually I think I walked in the door directly on 8. What did I get up to yesterday? Well at the moment I'm working on some training materials for prosecutors. We teach them legal research. So we're up to the one, two, we're up to the third session so we're going to be teaching them how to find case law by using a citation or a name. So I've started working on the training materials for that. So at the moment it's just the handout which I'm doing in Publisher. So I'm going to be putting in there a bit of theory so it's understanding what a case citation means. So obviously the name which makes sense but for a reported citation it would have like the year, the volume number, the report. So like the report abbreviation and the page number. So in the handout I'm explaining all of that. So for the reported judgments and the unreported judgment. And then I've also got a bit on how to find what the abbreviations mean. The bit I'm working on at the moment is about case citators. So a case citator just gives you information about the case not the actual case itself. So you can find out whether you have the correct citation. You can find out parallel citations. Find out which reports it's in, what citation is for the unreported judgment. So we pay for two case citators. So one of them is CaseSpace and the other one is in FirstPoint which is in Westlaw. So that was the bit I was working on yesterday. So it's just a lot of screenshots from the databases to show how it works. I think most of yesterday I spent doing that which was very unexciting. Oh me and Katrina went to lunch. We went to the Trans and had chips with aioli. I think we also got garlic bread which was nice. We barely ate any of it but it was quite nice. Then in the afternoon, what did I do yesterday afternoon? I think I continued working on the training materials. I don't think I really did anything else. So I worked up until about quarter past four. Then I walked home. Oh I stopped at the shops to get groceries. So I went to the Coles. Where's that? In MacArthur Central and got some stuff. So cat food, kitty litter, toilet paper. Very exciting. And then last night was the first night that I didn't have to go out. So cooked myself some dinner, played on my iPad, watched a bit of TV, tried to watch My Kitchen Rules which I love. But I was really tired so I really wasn't paying attention. Then I went to bed kind of early. So what time did My Kitchen Rules finish? It was about 8.30. Yeah well because when I woke up at three and realized it hadn't been set, I kind of had to get up and set it. And then when it went off really loudly, yeah I was a bit startled. I went to work. I think I usually leave around seven. I usually aim to leave at 7.30 but I think I generally don't leave my house until about quarter to eight which means it only gives me 15 minutes and I walk really slowly which is why I'm usually late. No I got there just on time so maybe I left slightly earlier so maybe it was about 22. Yeah no no I don't have breakfast before I leave. I usually get breakfast with my morning tea so I'll go and get a coffee and veggie mod on toast at about 9.30. Yep that's right. Yeah oh I don't know. Took me a while to do it so I did about three pages. I don't know maybe about five or six. I kept having to redo it because I'm putting the screenshots into Publisher and I don't know what's wrong with my thing of Publisher but they tend to disappear so you'd save the document with the screenshots in it and then when you go back into it the pictures actually disappear which is really annoying and then I took wrong screenshots and then I actually deleted. So I actually redid the same screenshot I think in the morning about five times which was a complete waste of time. They're in there now. Yep yep yep yep. Um we usually got lunch at about 12.30 so I think we went right on 12.30. No the trans is really quick so I'd say maybe we waited oh maybe five minutes ten minutes at the most because it was really easy food obviously to prepare with chips and the garlic bread so yeah I'd say about five ten minutes. No because we only have half hour for lunch so I'd say in total we were at lunch for about half an hour maybe slightly longer. Yes no walked home again because I live in the city so about 15 minutes to get home. Oh but I diverted past the shop so oh that's a good question. Um I think I was pretty quick. I think I was home by about five. I don't know maybe 10-15 minutes and call. No because it was only I think I had two bags. One was quite heavy but yeah I only had the two bags I think yeah. Yes well it can't really be called cooking it was more reheating because I cooked the previous night so it was just a beef rendang and some rice but I didn't actually cook the rice it was just one of those heat up the rice and the microwave things so yeah yes. No no um I was mainly doing Facebook yeah just mucking around on the internet googling stuff. Can't even remember to tell you the truth what I was looking at but yeah just between watching tv and playing on my iPad yeah. Yes very early. Okay okay. No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment.