 Can I make it up and tell you about the day before? You don't have to tell me. You can tell me about whatever you want. So the day before yesterday, I had three days off so I only came back to work yesterday and today. So I had what did I do the day before? So I got up relatively late because it was a day off. I don't even know what time I got out of bed. So I probably got out of bed at about 9 o'clock and then I started watching a DVD. No I must have gotten out of bed earlier. So I started watching a DVD because there was nothing good on TV at the time. So I watched Death at a Funeral which I had borrowed from Janet at work and I had been told by everyone that I know how funny it was. So I don't know whether you have seen it but it's pretty much about a family and the dad has died. The mum is really upset and there is two brothers and it's the day of the funeral and it's just all about everything that happens on that day and it's supposed to be really funny but I watched it and it totally was not. The only funny bit in the whole entire movie was I think it was one of the friends was carrying one of the elderly wheelchair bound relatives to the bathroom because he had to use the toilet because he wasn't feeling well and he put him on the toilet. He got his hand stuck and the guy pooed on him. So that was pretty funny but aside from that it was pretty dull. Then I had to meet my little brother for lunch. So he just worked next door to me so we met at a little Asian restaurant down the road. So we caught up and had a lovely lunch. What did we have? So we had pork buns, spring rolls and dim sims so it was really yummy. So it was good to see him. Then I had to go grocery shopping just get cat food and kitty litter again and then after that I was meeting my friend Rob for a coffee because he just got back from Vietnam so we met at Zarafa's and had a coffee and what did I get? I got a mocha. Can't remember what he got but it was good to catch up with him. He really enjoyed going to Vietnam I think he said he was there for 10 days so he went with his girlfriend. Then after that what did I do after that? I don't think I really did anything after that. I went home I think I might have done a load of washing, watched a bit of TV so I would have been on. I would have watched My Kitchen Rules. I would have watched all kinds of other shows too but we won't go into that. Probably horrible shows like Home and Away and Neighbours and that was pretty much it. Does that cover the 10 minutes or not? Yep. Yeah pretty much I had a bunch of rack leave that I had accumulated so it's not ridiculous like 7 or 8 weeks of rack leave so I just need to take it. I don't think you're allowed to accumulate that much. So originally I was going to take a week off but with work being just ridiculously busy it's like well I don't think I should take the week because it doesn't give me enough time to prepare all of my stuff for next week so I just made it 3 day. No I was just going to relax. It was just pretty much just to take the time. I didn't have anything planned. I actually thought I was going to get bored but it was pretty good. Just nice and quiet watching TV, catch up with it was really nice. Yes. Yes it was. No alarms. It was hard to come back to work yes. Yep. Yep. No I think I might have stopped the DVD in between and had something to eat then so I might have eaten at about 10 o'clock, 11 o'clock probably just veggie mart on toast. I met him at 12 so I think his lunch break was at 12 so I got to the restaurant. I thought he only had half an hour for lunch so I texted him and asked him what he wanted so I ordered before he'd be there at 12 o'clock and then he was back at work by 1. Yeah it's pretty much next door. Do you frequent there? Yeah I go there quite often. I would say there's about, because I live in the city, there's about three restaurants really close to where I live that I go back to all the time so that one is one and then there's an Italian restaurant a bit further down the road and then there's a Mexican place just a little bit further so those that I always go to. Pretty much right next to where I live so, because I live on Mary Street so he works in the Department of Education so my building is just next door to that so yeah really really close yeah. And there were? Yes. So, oh that's a little bit further so that maybe takes about, because I went to the one at MacArthur Central so I had to, I don't know maybe the way I walk about 20 minutes but maybe for the regular person about 5 minutes away. So yeah still pretty close still in the central CBD area. So, no because it wasn't a big grocery shop it was just to get particular things so I think I might have had two bags. No, never. The rule is because I walk there all the time I can only feel like the baskets that they have because if you just feel that, that's usually enough for two or three bags. If you have any more than a basket then it's going to be too heavy to carry home. Yes. Well I'd finished lunch at 1 so then I would have gone straight to grocery shopping. I think walking there, shopping and walking back took maybe half hour at the very most so I think I was probably home by 1.30 quarter to 2 at the latest. Got to watch a bit of TV and then met Robert 2. Yes, yeah. It's pretty much diagonal to me. Yes. No, no. Because I live in an apartment there is no hanging out. Pretty much I have to stick them in the dryer. So, yes. Just watched a bit of TV. What did I have? I don't even remember. Oh, it would have been left over mint so there wasn't quite enough just to eat that so I had mint on toast with lots of butter. Awesome. Um, pretty early I think so I think I was in bed by about 9.30. Yep. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.