 Yesterday I got up about 6.30 to come to work and I drove to Caboolture and caught the train from Caboolture into Roma Street and then I arrived at work about 9 o'clock. I, what did I do at work yesterday? I'm studying for my final exam for work so I did a lot of study. I had lunch about 12 o'clock and I had leftover spaghetti and then I did some research for an assignment after lunch and then I left work at about half past three to go home and I arrived home at about 5 o'clock in the afternoon and we've got friends staying at the moment so we just had takeaway for dinner. We had Thai and had Penang chicken, it was really yum. And then after dinner I did some netball work, admin, it's taking me a really long time. And then I went to bed about 9 o'clock. No, no, yeah I had breakfast. I had cornflakes, no, just regular. Yeah I was reading, studying for my other course that I'm doing so yeah, reading. Like all kinds of textbooks, yeah. I'm doing commercial printing so yeah, in two weeks. It's all written, like short answer sort of questions. No, yep, no. In the meal room the night before that, yeah. 30 minute, that's a commercial printing assignment as well. So it's on the differences of commercial printers and home office printers using laser inkjet. No, you've got to have, you're writing up about the differences but then you include pictures that show the differences as well. That's my normal time. No, it's mostly workers because I get the express train so yeah. Probably saves about, oh maybe 20 minutes. They arrived on Sunday and they'll be leaving on Saturday night so they're staying for a week. They're from Townsville but they're moving to the UK on Sunday so yeah. No, I'm working the whole time. No, the boys did that. Yeah, we were watching The Voice for a little while and then I don't know, the boys put on some show that they were watching. Not really, maybe Joel. Yeah, well because it's the start of another year, we have to enter each player into the database when they pay their registration. So I think I've got about 250 people that I have to put in which is like names, addresses, emails, phone numbers, what teams they play for, all that sort of stuff. So yeah, taking a long time. No, I think there's about 250 in total, hopefully. Oh, the season's already started but sort of the sooner the better. So the sooner it's done then I don't have to think about it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, maybe about two. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment...