 Okay, so I got up for work at about 10 to 6 and got ready. I left home at about 6.35 and then I started my journey to work. I drive to Caboolture and then I catch the train from there into work. So I got to work about half past 8 and being my first day back at work after two weeks of leave, I had a lot of emails to clear out. So that took up half of my morning and started back on my studies as I've got three assignments due next week. Caught up with work colleagues about my holiday and what I've been doing and then I left work at about half past 3 and then got back to Caloundra at about 5 o'clock. I do the night competition for the Caloundra netball so I went to the stadium where we have our night competition and I was there until about half past 8 running the ladies competition. So I got home just before 9 o'clock and then it was pretty much shower and to bed for me. No I get straight up. Yeah I do. I have cereal. Cornflakes. No, no hot drinks. It usually takes about 40 minutes or so. I get the train at, I just missed the 7.18 so I got the 7.24. No train because it would take forever. I'm the first stop so I always get a seat but after sort of half way here it's fairly full. Pretty much an hour. Yeah but it only goes express from Petrie to Northgate so it still stops at too many stations. I usually do my study for work. Yeah. Two weeks. Yes I went on holidays to the US. Yeah, yeah it was really good but very cold. Not for a while. No. It's a good opportunity before the baby comes so. It's about commercial printing so just about the different printing processes and how to identify them in examinations and things like that. It's all online and external. It's run through Canberra. A couple of years I think. I've got three subjects left to do so I'm not sure when I'll get them done. Midday I bring my lunch in. A light and easy frozen meal. I can't even remember what it was. Some noodle thing. Yeah pretty much just whatever's at home. I was doing my assignment for the course. Yeah it's part of my training so that's good. I finished at about 3.30. Yes. Yeah I didn't go home first. I went straight from the train to the netball stadium. No I'm the night convener so I run the competitions. So you're just looking after sort of collecting all the court money and registrations from the players and all that sort of thing. Making sure they've got umpires and all that fun stuff. I did used to play and my mum used to run the competition. She ran it for like 10 years but she'd had enough so she roped me into doing it. Ah defence. Yeah. Ah lasagna. Yeah. It's Tuesday and Wednesday nights. Yeah. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.