 I got up at about 5.50 in the morning and got ready for work. I had breakfast and left for work at about 6.35 and I drove to Caboolture and caught the train from Caboolture into work and started work at about 8.30 in the morning. Yesterday I attended the Barlow sentencing hearing and I went along with colleague Diane King as she was maybe required to give evidence so I was there watching that for a couple of hours but Diane was not required so left there at about a quarter to twelve and returned to work and then I had lunch. Following lunch I continued with my assignments that are due on Friday and then I left work at about four o'clock and caught the train back to Caboolture and then drove to the Caloundra Netball Stadium where I was running the night competition there and I was there until about half past eight and then returned home, getting home just before nine o'clock and then I pretty much went to bed. Yeah, cornflake. Get ready and out the door. About thirty-five minutes. Normal. Yeah. Almost two hours so just under. Yeah. No, I headed to court at about, I think it was about 9.30 when I left. No, just walked. Yeah, I was inside. It involved most of the time it was prosecutor putting forward his submissions so he was talking about sort of the offences, how they were carried out and then he was putting forward his submissions for sentencing and citing the relevant case law and that sort of thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Pretty much. I bought mail in. I brought in leftover spaghetti. It's pretty loud. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I wish I was. Probably not. I've been granted an extension until the following Thursday but I don't want to take that long to get them done. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Four o'clock. Yeah. It is. It runs express from Northgate to Caboolture. Yeah. About thirty-five, forty minutes. Yeah. About fifteen, twenty minutes from home. I got there at about 5.30 and then I left at 8.30. So yeah, three hours. I did. No, my mum was there. Yeah. I was there. Yeah. I got there. I did. No, my mum supplied it. She made me spaghetti. Yeah it was alright. Yeah. Yeah. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.