 Okay, yesterday I got up, I actually slept in, so I didn't get a very good night's sleep that night. So I got up and I've got the kids with me, so I had to get them ready for school as well. So to make all their lunches and of course all three kids eat a different lunch, so I made the three different lunches. They had swimming at school, so I had to pack all their swimming bags and make sure they had their towels, their swimsuits, their rashies, their goggles, their swim cap and of course because it was after a weekend I had to go and find goggles around the house and then I've packed it all up and got them out of bed. Had the usual routine from the kids of I'm sick, I'm sick, I don't want to go to school. So I got them all dressed, got him in the car, was informed by my son whilst driving to school I need $35 to buy a school shirt, which I don't have $35 on me, so I had to tell him he'd get it the next day. We finally got to school through all the traffic and after a little bit of road rage and then they had their breakfast whilst at school because they never want to eat at home, so before I went I had to pack up all their breakfast items as well because they got it before school care. Dropped them off then, had to drive into the city and I normally park at Paddington and walk into work but as I was caught in traffic I was driving up towards Paddington and I realised no it's going to take me too long so I ended up parking at the parking station and then I walked down to work and came in and then started my day at work after being awake already for four hours. And then what did I do at work yesterday? I was looking, doing a case that I've got assigned to me that's a missing person case and trying to ascertain whether some letters sent to this person's ex-partner are actually written by her or not as they're trying to work out whether she's still alive and so I did all the handwriting analysis of that. Gave me a headache, it was very difficult writing to read and then I was given a pile, literally a whole pile of specimen documents of her handwriting that was supplied by a family and the handwriting doesn't look anything like the question handwriting. However when you sift through it she seems to have more than one writing style and as she gets relaxed or rushed she reverts into this less legible writing style so I've had to sift through all the specimen to find the writing that I can use for the examination process and it doesn't look like it'll be enough. So then I had to go see Valou, my boss, and explain it all to him and he had a look through it and he's agreed that it doesn't look like we'll be able to give any opinion because it's not sufficient specimen to carry on with. And then, so I put that away for a little while and I had an email from another investigating officer about another case I had that the specimen wasn't sufficient for examination and they've advised they weren't able to get any more so no more requirement to do an examination but they didn't need documents. They had supplied me as exhibits back because they were just copies so that I could destroy them but it's not as easy as that because with Q-prime and FR you have to have all the paperwork done so I had to find our property officer which took me a while because she's very busy and then we had to work out how we're going to write off these exhibits and we decided not to destroy them because they're just photocopies. We'll retain them in the case file I already had done up but we had to make FR entries detailing where the documents were moved to and Q-prime entries of where the documents were moved to. And then after that I finished work early because I had to take my son to the dentist and we were hoping that because it's a school dentist to have a tooth corrected in his mouth that has come out an adult tooth that's grown down too far back in his mouth. We're hoping to have it corrected with a movable plate that the school dentist can do and fund but unfortunately I was told he'll now require braces so I'll have to eventually get him to an orthodontist and see what the cost of the braces are going to be. Then we went home and made dinner and then fed the kids bathed the kids did some homework with the kids and then we all watched My Kitchen Rules together and then kids went to bed and I potted around a little bit more and then I went to bed. Is that enough? My alarm went off at five o'clock and I managed to get out of bed just after six o'clock. I'm pressing snooze the whole time. It's an iPhone so I can sort of make it as long as I like but at the moment I think I have it set for 10 minutes. So while I got up at six I think we left by the time I just got myself ready we left the house about must have been eight o'clock so it takes me about two hours from the time I get up to the time I get the kids out the door. Yeah it's my usual morning thing but because I'm in a split family now the kids aren't with me every day of the week so but they're with me nine days out of a fortnight so it tends to be pretty much my daily work routine. There's probably two three mornings there's three mornings a fortnight I don't have the kids in my care that I get to get up at five o'clock still but I get to work by 6 30 in the morning as opposed to getting up at five and getting to work at quarter past eight or as I did yesterday I got there about nine o'clock. Ah swimming's twice a week. Yep all three kids do swimming now but my son didn't yesterday because it was his turn to go swimming he was the last class and the class before him found glass in the pool so then his class went loud and he had a bit of a spat about it when I picked him up. No I never have breakfast at home because I'm always too busy I tend to wait till I get to work and then when I have my morning tea I eat then. I always have coffee at home though. Yep from home to school it's about 15 20 minutes depending on the traffic. Now I drive because my kids go to East Brisbane State School which is right next to the Gabba so it's not that far from the city so it's just as quick for me to drive to Paddington and then walk into work as it is to drive back to find a train station, park near a train station, walk to a train station, get on a train then come to work so I choose to drive to Paddington and walk in. No I drive in then too. I worked on it really from the time I got to the time I got to work until up until lunch I had my lunch and then I worked on it till about two o'clock. Yeah I've just got to finish it off and notify the IO that they'll need to get me further specimen if they want an opinion but I've done the handwriting analysis of the question writing so it can be done later so I can release the current documents fingerprinting for examination. We tend to try because of the nature of our work we work on one normally at a time so that we don't confuse observations in our head because it's a lot of thinking involved so but sometimes because we prioritise according to urgency you might be working on a case and something will come in that's far more urgent so it interrupts you and you've got to start on something new but we tend to keep to one case time. No, yep I'd stopped for about 10 o'clock and had my cup tea and my piece of toast, a Vegemite yes. I take my lunch to work. I had some cold meat and some fruit. No I usually avoid buying lunch so I just don't like wasting money. I left about 2.30. If I, it depends what time I start. If I start at quarter past eight and I have kids I'll finish at four. The days I don't have the kids I'll work extra time to build up some flexi time so I might start at quarter past six, 6.30 in the morning and I'll work till about 3.30. Yes I had to pick up all three. The two girls could have stayed at school and gone to after-school care which they're already booked into but they like going to watch the drama at the dentist and make fun of their brother looking like a nerd in glasses. No I have to make some phone calls to orthodontists and to my ex-husband about funding them. Didn't take very long, it took me probably about an hour. I just cooked it on the stove, salad. Yes I shouldn't have to help Rhi but I do. I have to help my youngest because she's grade one. My oldest son who's grade seven shouldn't need help but he requires help which I think is more of an attention and laziness thing and my middle child she is very smart but she always just needs to have everything reconfirmed before she writes it down. Maths and English. Yes we all watch My Kitchen Rules. Yeah only this year the kids have got into My Kitchen Rules, they like watching it and there's a particular couple on My Kitchen Rules none of them like and they're hoping they get evicted off of it. We haven't sort of worked out which one we all like the most but we all know who we don't like. I went to bed at 10 o'clock. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, you