 What did I do yesterday, starting with when I got up? Well, I suppose it was just like any other morning. I got up, rolled myself out of bed, and being very careful to actually not hit my head on the ceiling, because I have a bunk bed, because I like the actual space underneath it, which is a writing desk. And along with my other desk, I have a lot of paperwork and computers and the like that I surround myself with in my bedroom. I got down and was careful not to tread on the dogs, which have seemed to have found their way into my bedroom again, which is another good reason to have a bunk bed, because otherwise I find myself sleeping with a pair of poodles, which some people may find attractive, but I prefer to keep them in their place wherever possible. After I stepped around, I turned on my computer as it takes some time to wind up, and then I went into the kitchen, where I poured myself a third of a cup of All Bran and about a cup of milk, and allowed that to sit while I engaged in the morning's toilet, where I shaved, brushed my teeth, set my hair, or brushed my hair, and changed my clothes. At that point in time, I grabbed my cereal, sat down in front of the computer, and looked at the morning's emails to see whether there was anything there that needed my immediate attention. I kicked some things out from the floor that the dogs had dragged in and piled them up, gave the dogs some attention, and put them outside so that I could keep my carpets in a good condition. After that, I decided to cook myself lunch and fried myself up some cabana mushrooms with no butter, but added some sun-dried tomatoes in for flavoring in a wrap. I then wrapped that in baking paper and placed that within a lunchbox, and grabbed several cans of low-calorie soft drink that go into the corporate fridge to sell for the IRC Christmas party towards the end of the year. Planning that, I washed up, turned off my computer, said goodbye to the dogs, and put on my hat. And before closing the door, went through the obligatory spectacles, testicles, wallet, and watch to ensure that I had my glasses, my keys, my wallet, and my phone. After going through that methodical process, I shut the door, opened up the front grill, locked that, and proceeded to the bus stop where I cross at the road just up from my house by about 15 meters, which technically is illegal, but that's neither here nor there at this point in time. And I crossed the road, and after going across the road, went to catch the bus. I believe that morning the bus was a 380 and was running late. I noticed that the bus schedule, the electronic board that the bus timetables were on, were actually out by about a good seven hours, probably because of the high winds and storm that we had the other day, maybe caused some electrical interference or reset in the system. Now, after getting onto the bus, I swiped my Go card, which is on the left side of my wallet, so that when I open it, I can readily get to it, as opposed to my credit cards and other electronic devices, which are on the right side of my wallet, which the system on the buses do not like at all. But then that's what you get for getting a second-rate bus transport card system. Anyway, to continue and going into work, I continued past, I would say, nine to 12 bus stations. I took out my phone and read a chapter of the Bible, which I do every morning. This point in time, I'm up to, well, actually that day, I was up to chapter 12 of Luke, which was an interesting chapter in its phrasing of particular things. There's always more to be taken as one grows older and more mature and develops. As you reread things again, more and more comes out of it as you gain life experience. Things become more pertinent. Certain questions are asked and certain things you notice more. The world can become a richer place as you grow older, as opposed to more boring or more tedious for people. But no, there's always something to be said for seeing the world in a different frame. Anyway, upon those meditations, I got out of the bus in headquarters, walked down so that I'm directly opposite the entryway, which is more than 20 meters from the corner, which is unlike getting onto the bus. I ensure that I get off and cross the road correctly, particularly in front of headquarters. You never know when a reporter or a photographer from the Courier Mail is about to ambush you, as they have done with several senior officers who were crossing the road incorrectly, I believe, some years ago. So being mindful of this, I crossed the road, entered into the building, swiped through the cattle gates, which, needless to say, did not close early and crush me, as they have done my bags on a number of occasions. And I entered up into the building on the fifth floor, where I went into web services, somewhat sheepishly because I was about 10 minutes late. How was that? So that was about five minutes. What time did I wake up yesterday? I believe I woke up at about 6.20. Yes. Oh, I have to get out. The alarm is particularly annoying. No, actually, no, no. There's enough clearance and I'm fairly flexible. Sometimes I give them a snack, but I usually feed them at night. Well, yes, one tends to be more dominant than the other, but they have different interactions, because technically I'm the pack leader, so therefore that mainly keeps them in their place. So while they may compete on certain things, they themselves don't have a dominance order, because I'm the dominant pack animal. They're approximately the same age, one six and one seven. Yes, I did not eat toast for breakfast. I had cereal, All-Bran. Yes, yes. Oh, I think it was about 8.38. No, usually I'm a lot earlier. Oh, I think I had to wait about 10 minutes further. It was of the order of $29, I think. Yes. Sometimes, it depends on the size of the chapter and depending on what I'm getting out of it. If there's something that seems unfamiliar or requires more thought, or takes me off in a particular direction of thoughtfulness, then that may take me longer. It's only the one chapter, I believe. Yes. I arrived in at 10 past nine. Nine o'clock is when I usually get here, or a little bit before nine. Five past five, although I signed off at, oh, sorry, yesterday? Yes, five past five. I didn't. I normally eat lunch while working. Yes. I usually take small breaks during the shift as I need to, as my attention flags. Yeah, exactly. Oh, I don't drink coffee. I only have tea. And so I would have had only one cup of tea during the day and one cup of suss-tagen? Suss-tagen, yes. No, no. I didn't really eat anything. I think I had a few biscuits or things like that. I sit at my desk all day. I don't really burn a lot of calories. No, no, no. I threw some objects down the hall and got them to chase them a few times and basically petted them. Yes, yes. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.