 Oh yesterday morning after I woke up I decided that I had better get myself prepared for work and because I'd driven back from Sydney the day before there was no food in the house so I started by ironing a shirt showering and getting to the train station. The train was the 621 from Sandgate. A couple of showers on the way but nothing while I was waiting for the train and just caught the train into Roma Street no problems on the train trip just a general idle chat up between a group of four of us sitting on the train and planning for the Ronan Keating concert. Ronan Keating whatever his name is. Then obviously it was into work caught up on my emails through the work system because I've been away for the last four or five days and then I just commenced on the catching up on my general administrative stuff that I do for the quality assurance. Then it was a very abrupt announcement we all decided to head off into a training day and we covered a number of topics. There was some generalized stuff there was some information that I provided on the quality issue there was some information from another person on a trip to Sydney on biometrics and facial imaging and there was some other information from another person and what that was I'm my mind's a blank at the moment that stretched out well probably from to about two o'clock. Also made a phone call to a car dealership just about in vehicle because of some hassles I had. Don't get a car service before you're on a trip because they try to fix things that aren't broke and then it breaks. So from there and then we just had a couple of minor things in Biobet to help us too. We'd finished our training it was just some general just some general tidy up stuff before heading home at four o'clock. Once home oh I had to go dashing up to the shops and got some milk and I was just checking on some personal emails just general tidying up around the house attending to some of my canoeing administrative functions and it was pretty early bed because it had been a longer day the day before. So that is approximately a bit of a summary in a nutshell of what happened yesterday. Five o'clock no do that I run late for the train no no no no no no can't afford it. I'll probably about three quarters of an hour none a croissant. I'll get my coffee and when I come into work. I was in Sydney for drove down Thursday so I was there three days and two and a half days and then drove back Sunday afternoon and Monday. Drive down depending on traffic and roadworks and everything else is approximately 12 hours. Down in one day but because the canoeing event finished mid-afternoon it's uh sort of split it the next day and got to about Sunday night I got to Scone just north of Musselbrook and then from Scone to Redcliffe the next day. One. Occasionally sometimes I have them pre-ironed but because I'd been away I hadn't done anything they'd been washed but not ironed. No bus but I drove to the train station and caught the train not unless the car's in getting fixed. Um it's quicker when you drive and the buses sometimes are just too crowded and they can be delayed and I can get home. Usually it's the get home of the afternoon rather than getting to the train station. In the morning probably about standard which is not too busy but in the afternoon it's um I usually stand because uh it's usually packed there. I sat with myself then another person gets on at um Deagon and then another person who joins us gets on at North Boondall and we sat there discussing obviously my trip and also the Ronan Keating concert that's coming up on Thursday. Oh and the weather. Well there was a fourth person who joined us he's on holidays at the moment and um yeah I'd say the four of us will be going tomorrow night weather permitting. River Stage down at Botanical Gardens yes the other Irishman I don't know Brian McFadden. See I'm really into this aren't I? No because it's a free ticket. Anything's free they've got to be worth it. The train usually gets in so I got in on time so I would have got into the building at five past seven. Oh it probably took about half hour. That kicked off about half past nine. I had that yeah before I came as I came up to work yeah. It fluctuated but there due to other commitments but there was one two oh I see about eight of us. Oh yeah there was a we're trying to do something in the training room but we adjourned to the snake pit our office day room to just do some stuff on photoshop but then I got a phone call and was so I finished about 2.30. $9.20. I had a stir fry a beef stir fry with veggies and noodles oh I'd say about 10 minutes. It was it was just a book a car in for just to tell them the problems I had after having the car apparently checked out for um it was checked out for uh just for a safety check and and all that and they saw that there was a recall notice on the vehicle and they did the work and there was more problems after than what there was before and there was no problems before it was just so dealerships and me are no longer in vogue. Four o'clock. Uh the train no because I was running a bit late and I only had I got on the train and was probably only on about a minute before it left. No I stand up on the way home because there's a lot of people get on at central. Oh yeah I stand up all the way to Sandgate it's only a half hour ride. I went home got changed and then went up to the shop to get some milk. I drove because I had to go and do something else. Raining. I watched the news ah the block and Big Bang Theory and then there was bed that would have been close to 9 o'clock. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.