 I never tell the truth. Yesterday, um, oh, it was a great day. I woke up and I woke up to the sound of rain actually. How unusual for the last few days. Um, it was actually pouring rain at my place. It was only brief and then it was just a matter of going through all the processes of getting ready for work, giving a shirt a quick iron, um, cleaning with, you know, getting myself cleaned up, jumping the car and get to the train station or catching the train into Sandgate. Pretty uneventful trip. Um, just sat there and talked with another person and he was, uh, reminiscing on the Kiss concert the night before and then he was talking about going to the Bruce Springsteen concert, which would be tonight, and I sent somebody a text saying that such and such has to report to his boss tomorrow night and they thought he was in for a bit of a shellacking but it was actually the boss, as in Bruce Springsteen. My poor sense of humor. Um, oh, I didn't work. Just trying to catch up on a few little things. Did a photograph to drug transfer. About half past 10, they wanted me to head off down to a murder scene down towards, uh, down on Springwood Road at Rochdale and as I was leaving I got slightly distracted and had to go over and just sort something minor administratively out over at the superintendent's office. Got that sorted and I was on my way. It wasn't a hot day. It was actually quite pleasant, um, but because you have to, because you're fully dressed and then you have to put a protective suit on over the top of that and gloves and hairnets and masks, um, and the suits don't breathe very well, you know, you're just losing a lot of perspiration and sweat in the suits and, um, because you sort of can't come in and out of a scene too many times, you know, without changing booties and a few different other things, it's also quite difficult to get sufficient water into you to maintain hydration. So, well, that, I probably finished that about three o'clock and the hardest part is trying to walk carrying a tripod that weighs up to 10 kilos with all its equipment on it and then walking on little step things and that are just wider than your foot and just shorter than what the length of your foot is so that you're not sort of stepping on any sort of contamination within the scene. So, and that was about it. Pretty uneventful. Got back here and put the equipment on charge and headed off home and early to bed. Oh, not really. I usually wake up around about the same time, um, but I did notice that it was pouring rain, which I went, oh, so unusual. The last 27 days. No, it was only a brief sort of a shower. It was finished in about 10, 15 minutes. One, just the one. Yes, I did sustain. It is breakfast cereal. Oh, most of the times. Yes. It's good. The train was the 621 that departed Sandgate. No, yes, but they're crowded. There is one. They only have about one in the morning and maybe one or two in the afternoon. And it just, it really misses only four stations and then sits outside Bowen Hill for three minutes. And I'll go, what's the use of becoming expressive if you're going to sit outside Bowen Hills waiting for a platform. So it sort of defeats the purpose. Yeah. Yeah. I was listening to chatting with a guy. He was reminiscing his kiss concert. Oh, there was a few other people playing. And then he said he had the earplugs in for them and pulled the earplugs out for kiss. He said his ears were a bit, uh, he was a bit deaf. Oh no, apparently they were. It's just, um, he didn't want to damage his ears too much. Oh, I got in here just after seven, but I actually started at eight. Absolutely. Got to get your coffee first. Just the one. Drove. Our work vehicle. It's got all the equipment in it, um, for the, to perform that necessary task. Yep. That's right. Uh, there was the, um, recording of the interactive crime scene. So it's a special equipment where the camera can do a 360 degree turn of, you know, scan the scene. Um, and in about three of the nodes, we did what I did, what was called a measured pair. And you, it's basically, you just do a scan from when the, from where it's sitting on the tripod, and then you wind the tripod right up to its highest level. So that what you can do then later is it sort of helps with the triangulation and you can get, um, measurements of where things are. Steps. They're like, um, it's like a very thick, uh, Perspex, clear Perspex with just, um, four, like rubber stoppers on each corner. And they're about the size of your foot and just a little wider. So they're only, oh, you know, so they're just so you're not stepping on areas that you could possibly contaminate within the scene. Oh, just that path to where the main, uh, location was in the scene. Uh, when I went upstairs, there was no need to walk on those. Oh, it's, um, I don't know what material it's made out of, but it's, um, the suits just to sort of stop or prevent the spread of anything like DNA, et cetera, from us. And it, no, that also protects us and our clothing from being contaminated from anything like blood or stuff like that. That's in the scene. Um, yeah, the suits got a hood, but I didn't wear the hood, but I put a, um, like a protective hair net type thing on. Um, it's not a hair net as such because it's actually enclosed like a shower cap, um, and a mask gloves and even booties on my boots. It does. Plus I also had to put stuff on the, once the stuff was on the tripod, the computer, the two batteries, the camera and the lights. Um, I also had to make sure that the tripod had, I put something on its feet so that it was protected. Um, cause we don't want it getting contaminated, but, um, it's, uh, just put like two gloves on the end of each foot and taped them up. And then I had to wipe the tripod over with some sort of solution to help with the, to just basically decontaminate it in case it spread somehow it dropped DNA from previous matters into the scene. Oh, yeah. Packing down's easy. So, my dear. Oh, I put the equipment on charge, quick check of the emails and then bolted. That was it. Oh, about half an hour later. No, no, it was there. I only had to wait about five minutes. No, for that one was crowded and I felt sorry for the people near me. Oh, my shirt was saturated and it only just dried out, saturated with perspiration from when I was in the suit and it had only basically just, just basically dried out. No, I read the news, read the free newspaper, got my free litre of orange juice. No, it's in the fridge at home. I can't remember. I crashed. Oh, no, I can't remember. Mustn't have been too exciting. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.