 Ha! Yesterday, long day at work. Well, it wasn't that long. I commenced work, I actually came in about an hour early because I had Friday off and had to catch up on a few things. But after that, I played on the computer for about an hour, finished off an interactive presentation, and then I went over to our central exhibits facility to photograph a number of jobs. I left with three and came back finishing six. As I was leaving, I got a message just to meet somebody over there because he was going to have some property to photograph, and he actually had two little jobs. Well, little. The first one took nearly an hour. So it was just time-consuming because they were small things and you've got to open bags and reseal them and sign them and all that sort of stuff. So I was over there and I think I got back here about half past one. So I finally got the three jobs that I left with. Plus I picked up another one while I was over there. So I saved him some time coming to our office. And the rest of the day, that's a blur. I was just, when I got back to the office, it was just a matter of putting on the, finishing the register entries, downloading the photographs, submitting of the, submitting the photographs to the laboratory for printing. And then for about the last hour of the shift, I just went in and polished the interactive presentation, made sure all the nodes were aligned so that when you walked through the scene, it made sense before going home about four o'clock. I got home and I got changed and I went over to a friend's place because we were supposed to go for a walk, but the weather closed in and we actually got a slight shower of rain and the temperature had dropped. And so we decided not to go for a walk. The, and then it was just a matter of go home, on the way home, collected the milk, because you got to do. And then watch the, I just watched the evening news. And then I had a little bit of work to do, catch up on some emails because of a canoeing championship that's coming up in a couple of weeks time. So I knocked them over and I had to do a few other things that I knocked over, probably finished probably about half past eight, nine o'clock. Absolutely. Yep. Oh, start of the shift was eight o'clock, but I got in here probably about 10 past seven. I leave home probably around about the five to six o'clock mark. It's a short drive to the Sandgate station of about 10 or so minutes. So there was just, I didn't have anything that was real. There's only one there for my attention. The rest were just all the normal notification emails that you get. So I had breakfast at home, but I had coffee when I got into work. Bowl of sustain cereal, breakfast cereal. I spent probably about three quarters of an hour in the morning and then about an hour in the afternoon. Yeah. I've just got to just double check it and then it will be complete. Yeah. I won't show it. I'll just send it out to the offices and I'll get it probably, hopefully by the end of the week. Yeah. It was just all property jobs over at our central exhibits facility. And it was just a matter of getting in there and photographing it. So other stuff can go off for further analysis and other stuff could be returned to owners, all that sort of stuff. So I reckon somewhere between 200 and 250. I know. Oh yeah. I sort of edit on the run because of the digital cameras. And if I don't think I'm happy with the photo, I usually like it. So it saves a bit of time. I would have only taken about say 10 to 15 minutes and update the systems and all that sort of stuff. That wasn't that long. I did make sure I had lunch. No, I went and got it. It was supposed to be butter chicken with rice. Yeah. But it was a little runny. So, oh yeah. Yep. Went home and got changed and then so yeah, almost straight away. Well, that depends on how we feel, but it was probably only going to be a short walk yesterday. But then a little few spots of rain came in. Nah, yeah. So we decided it wasn't worth it. Nah, I headed straight home. No, no, I actually had something on. What did I have for dinner? Truth. I wasn't feeling overly hungry last night, but I think I just had some toast or something. That's a weirdy. Oh, I had, um, I had the block on and Big Bang Theory came on after that, but I probably didn't watch the Big Bang Theory as much as I've paid attention to the block. Oh, I was doing some research and all that while it was on. So I was sitting at the computer and watching a little bit. So yep. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. in a comment.