 Okay, sure. I slept in. But that was a brilliant start to the day. I set my alarm for 5.38 as I normally do, but it for some reason didn't take, so I didn't hit the save button obviously. And so I woke up at two minutes past six, and it's not a big deal because I can get faster, dressed faster, and I have time for having a cup of tea and smoking a cigarette and listening to the news and all those things that I do. But it just put me a little bit behind. And then of course, the bad weather yesterday morning meant the traffic was a little bit heavier than it normally is. So I got late to get away, so I got stuck in the heavy traffic. So it took me about 15 minutes longer than it would have had I left five minutes earlier. But I did manage to make it here in a reasonable time. So when I started work, I had to get things ready for a meeting. So I'm a director of the Biometrics Institute. We had a meeting here in Brisbane yesterday. So I've just been promoted to the director, deputy chair of that organisation. So I wanted the first meeting where I was, even though I wasn't running the meeting, I had someone else to do that, where I was there to make it as smooth as possible. So we had a couple of people who I invited who were unable to come for different reasons. So I headed off there. It was down at Unisys, down at Milton, 9.30 the meeting started. And we had about 10 people in attendance, the Unisys people and a couple of people from QUT spoke at the meeting, Vinod Chandran and Emekulada, whose last name, something Rees. She has her PhD on iris recognition. So she's looking for some people to work with for multimodal face recognition, or multimodal biometrics, which might be of interest to you actually. In her research, she's a very nice person to deal with. And I had also had a new member of staff for the Biometrics Institute, the Australian CEO or operating officer is pregnant. So she's going to have a bit of a time off later in the year. So we brought someone else in to cover her period of time when she won't be available. I think it was that lady's first trip to Brisbane or in that circumstance. And I hadn't met her, although we'd spoken and emailed before that. So it was nice to meet Kiki. And so after that, the meeting went reasonably smoothly. But I had a couple of people who I had to catch up with in the afternoon. We were supposed to have another meeting, about the same thing, but the speaker from the meeting, the main speaker was supposed to be a guy called John Kendall. And John's the boss of Australia Pacific for Unisys. So he was supposed to talk to us on some facet of face recognition, but he was crook yesterday morning when he woke up and he didn't come up. So I had another guy fill in for him. Excuse me. So I was also supposed to have a meeting with that same guy with someone from Paul Stewart's office in the afternoon. So of course that got cancelled as well. So we had to catch up on those things later on. But I'm trying to influence people like perhaps you are in terms of the value of this kind of product. And so we always have to try and chase up who might have some money in their hand to give us some assistance, or they'll ask us the question about what we think about this product, or is it viable from an economic point of view, from a forensic point of view. So we have to be across all the products that are available and how will they perform and also who is knowledgeable in the area so that we can refer to people who might know more about these things than us. And that's how you learn things. Now where am I up to? I'm up to, I must be nearly getting, knocking off work. I didn't mention my lunch at all, but I did have lunch yesterday and I did have a cup of coffee in the afternoon. And then when I went home through the rain and that, I did actually have a whiskey before I had dinner. I'll probably have another one this evening, but that's my, that's my normal habit. And then that's enough. It didn't go off. I set it for 5.38, but it didn't go off. Snooze. Yeah, before the alarm goes off. So I normally wake up around about five and then snooze until the alarm goes off or get up and turn it off. 20 minutes and then I have breakfast at 10am. Yeah, yeah. I drive all, I drive all the way in. So it takes me about normally about half an hour. No, it's more, more convenient, faster, cheaper. Deeper actually, because I would get free transport on the train if I were to catch the train. Yeah. I, my roster said eight o'clock, but I was here about, I think quarter to eight yesterday, which is, I'm usually here by 7.30. Ah, yesterday morning. Just let me see. Probably I had quite a few because I had Monday off. I worked the weekend and had Monday off. So yeah, probably an hour. One. Quarter past nine. Drove two hours. Snacks during the meeting. Muffins. Low calorie buns. $6. I had a sausage and a dim sum and I brought some lunch with me. Sandwich and a apple. Tea, as in cup of tea or as in cup of tea. I just, uh, Lipton tea. No, no, not from the car down. No. Uh, it was a bit, yeah, a bit, um, thick in, in closer to the city. Once I got past Colman Grove, it wasn't too bad. Yeah, maybe a bit less. I think actually I can remember reading 4.47 when I was, uh, turning into Dawson Parade. So I think I was a bit late getting away. Yeah, maybe, might've been half an hour. Well, yeah, about 10 to five. Yeah. Put the kettle on. My girl. I kissed my girl and then put the kettle on. Better get that on. How I cooked chicken. I didn't have chicken for dinner. I had, uh, roast pork, which was bought already, already, uh, cooked and some dumpling, dumplings and rice. No chapters in my book. I watched a very good movie though with Robert Redford in it. I can't remember. I had Brad Pitt. It was called something. No, I can't remember. The movie, well, I went to bed about 11, but the movie didn't finish till 12. So we were watching it in bed. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No, comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment. So I'm a straight liar.