 Well, I came to work, but I can't remember anything particular about yesterday before work. I just woke up at the normal time and got ready and came to work. There was a bit of heavy traffic, I think, on the way in, so I had to wait for a while in the car. I think I managed to get the... well, I thought I had the last park up the road, but somebody came in very close behind me. So as a consequence of that, when we were leaving, she just happened to be leaving at the same time I was too. She was stuck in and I was stuck in, but I had a bit of room at the front, and I thought she might wait for me to get around, but she didn't. She sort of backed to and fro while I was there, and I wasn't going to move forward in case she ran into me. And, yeah, just had a normal productive day at work, interrupted by one meeting after another meeting after another meeting. And we had a show and tell from a couple of people from IBM who have installed the Coplink program for us. So we had one of the sales guys and the superintendent from upstairs and another technical advisor come and have a look and see how that was going. Have you been to have a look at that? It's going around there. If you go and see Talitha, she'll show it off in between your very busy schedule here. And then I went home and read the paper and did the crossword, and my partner decided that she didn't want me to cook dinner after all, and we said we'd go to the Broncos for dinner. So we went over to the Broncos, got there about a quarter past seven, and the whole street was fully parked out and the car park was fully parked out. So I guess they must have had a function on or something, but we just couldn't even get a park, so we decided if we can't get a park, we won't be able to get a meal. So we went to the Gaythorn RSL instead. Had a nice meal over there and a couple of quiet drinks and went home. Then I had to go and pick my sister-in-law up from work when she finished. She works at the restaurant at South Bank. Her car's out of action at the moment, so I had to go and pick her up at quarter to eleven. Been making my arrangements for the trip to New Zealand. So I've been on the internet checking all the prices and hotel prices and flight times. That was my yesterday. Twenty to six. No, straight up. No, no. I drive in, but no, I don't have breakfast at that time, just a coffee and tea. No, in Counter Street. Yeah, I said to Gerry before, I haven't missed out on a spot since I've been back from leave, but it's getting tight. So when it gets tight, people tend, because the same people use it, you know, they sort of tend to come a little bit earlier, and then it'll fill up earlier and then eventually there won't be any and I'll have to go and park somewhere else. Muted parking there, yeah. It's eight bucks for the day, not too bad. It's only about seven or eight minutes, so that's a good little bit of exercise. I've got another little spot that's about another five or six minutes drive and then about another five or six minutes walk back. So I'm usually early enough so I can do all of those things and still arrive without drawing the wrath of the commander. Twenty to eight. About twenty to eight I'll get in. No, no. Yeah, I do, but not then. I have a coffee before I leave home, tea and coffee, but I don't have any coffee then usually until maybe sleepy time, you know, about two-third in the afternoon I might have one if I need one. Yeah, I have it at ten o'clock. I don't eat before ten. Apple, Vita-wheats, nuts and fruit, and a cigarette. Actually, I didn't have it for yesterday until nearly twelve o'clock because we had that meeting. I had one at eleven o'clock, which I didn't know about, so it sort of snuck up on me, like today, which it was in my diary, but I just hadn't seen the... the reminder hadn't come up. And then I had another one... those guys arrive at twelve forty-five, so I was with them for an hour. Well, we were showing them actually. They were the salespeople who brought the system here in the first place. And so we've set it up and we were showing them what it can do and what it can't do. And to answer your question, yeah, reasonably impressed. It's got a lot of quite good features. It's not fantastic in its face recognition capability, but it props itself up by using biographical data. So if you're looking, you put a face in there to search and you tell it that it's, you know, the age bracket and ethnicity and things like that, it seems to have a better match, whereas most of them just rely on the, you know, on the face itself. But it's a huge, huge data download. We've got a 15 gig hard drive in there and it's nearly full. And there's only, well, I think there's 360,000 odd photos there, but the Q Prime data from those has been downloaded as well. So that's gone on to SQL, which it sort of made for a big server, but it's only running on a desktop machine. Till the end of June. So they want some feedback before that as to how we think it's going to go. And they originally had made... they approached us to offer us the system for the G20, but we understand that they've withdrawn a financial incentive, to put it the polite way to put it. I don't think so. Not because they've withdrawn the financial incentive. There are other... sorry. No, no, it's very good in what it does, but it's going to be... it's kind of designed for a little police force, if I can say. It's designed for, you know, a country police station in Orange County or something where you can have all your baddies on one place and know who they all are. But we're tyranny of distance, you know, having that much data floating around would have an impact on the, you know, the download speeds for everybody else. Quite a big thing to manage, something that size. So, plus we don't know the cost, and there are other units that work in a simplified way. They rely just on the face. So that means the application will be smaller and easier to use and more efficient at what they do. So I think if we get anything, we'll get one of those. But that's one of the things that I'm doing at Wellington, looking at another company's product and another company. And another guy will come in when I come back or show and tell them we've got a meeting about the middle of April, about normal time. No, not too bad. I have, but I haven't been for a while. Excuse me. I haven't been for a while. I wasn't very happy with it one day there. And plus I don't like to go to all-you-can-eat places because I can eat a lot. I try to lose weight. And when you go to these places and they have all these lovely things, it's just too hard to resist. I like to say, OK, I'm having that and I'll eat that. RSL is not an all-you-can-eat. No, it's just an order by the truckload. I had chicken schnitzels with prawns and some oyster school patrick. No, they're quite quick out there. They don't take very long. A bit after 11. At the moment, yeah, she managed to back the car out of the garage with the door open. Just like, did you see, what's his name, Mike in the Courier Mail or the Sunday Mail? There's a journalist there who's made a living out of self-deprecating, saying how stupid he is all the time. And I couldn't believe it, but he did exactly that in his story, whether he did or not. But in his story, that's exactly what he did. He drove out of the back garage with the car door open and just takes the car off. Just takes the door off. The car's getting fixed at the moment. Ah, driver's sign, the driver's door, how you can back out of a driveway with the driver's door open, I don't know. But she's got a reputation, a well-deserved reputation. A shocking driver, she is. Not coming, not coming, not coming, not coming, not coming, not coming, not coming, not coming, not coming, not coming, not coming.