 I had a day off yesterday, so I had planned to go and do some exercise, but I changed my mind and washed the car instead. And then I went and did some shopping, had some breakfast, and went to the gym for a dance class at 12 o'clock. And then after that I went home and chilled out for a while, and went to visit my friend at, what time was that, 3 o'clock? Had a facial. And then went back home again, and had dinner and watched TV, listened to music. 7 o'clock. It was a big sleep in for me. I usually wake up before then, but no. I had some coffee and tea and read the paper for a while first. It was sitting in front of me, where I sit. It sits there and I'm going away tomorrow, so I thought I'd wash my partner's car. I didn't do mine. It can wait until I come back. Yeah, mainly outside. It was just a bit dusty, that's all. A little bit on the inside as well. No. It's a new car. So you don't wax a new car, because they come with a treatment. I used a bit of car wash. You probably shouldn't use it, but anyway, it makes them finish a bit better. Nice and shiny. No. No, I took mine. I can't remember what I was looking for. Just maybe some groceries, I think. No. I came home and had breakfast cereal. I don't know. Good one, or one of those, I forget what they're called. One of those multi-grain cereals, anyway. No. Well, by the time I got the car washed, it was only probably, I actually finished breakfast and it was almost time to go, because the class was on at 12 o'clock. Well, it's an exercise class, but it has a Latin dance component. About an hour and a half. About 10 of us in there. I'm the only boy. Yeah, it is a good workout. Most of them move. Most of them, because most of them come every week, but I don't get that opportunity very often. But I work on a new dance, and so it takes me a while to catch up. I'm up with them because I've been the last two weeks, so I'm up with them all apart from one dance. But it's a bit jazzy. No. Go home. Yeah. Well, I was actually just talking to a couple of the other people about the cleanliness of the showers at the gym. And I only live around the corner. It's only about 400 yards from home. So, no. Well, because I go to other places after. Yeah, to the pie shop. You've got to have a balance in your life, mate. Cottage pie. I took it home. I didn't buy anything. I had drinks at home. Yeah. No, she does it from home. Exfoliating. It usually takes about an hour. I used to live in that house. I used to board there. And so she had to show me. We're friends, so she showed me her garden and her plans for extension of the house and things that we exchange information about. Yeah, nearly two hours probably. It was. No. No, I drove there. But she's over at Evident Park. I drove there. I drove there. I drove there. I drove there. I drove there. I drove there. I drove there. I drove there. I drove there. And I was over at Evident Park about six or seven minutes, depending on the traffic. No, it was still only five o'clock. Yeah, I did the crosswords and. No, there was one word I couldn't figure out. So I'll have to check it, what it was. But most of it. I think I mucked up one of the seraques as well. They don't, they paper they don't tell you that day. You've got to find it until the next day. But, you know, depending on how much time, you know, I've got available, how much I ponder over it. Once you muck up the sudoku you just stop, forget it, if you can't fix it up, I can't anyway. If I go back to the crosswords later on they usually will get any words that I haven't got before. Stir fry, stir fry pork and noodles and lots of other things in there. No, my partner's sister's a chef and she had the day off yesterday so she cooked it up for us. I watched the news and then I had a sleep on the couch and I can't think of the name of the show. I had a heart disease this morning. The show where they have the eye spy, the cameras everywhere. It's quite an interesting show. No, I don't use headphones. I don't enjoy them at all. To digital AM, I can get better sound. A lot clearer? Yeah, a lot clearer. I've got three of them, they're clearer than CDs. No, I thought that was the case but I took the digital radio up to Coolum last year and I didn't get any reception. So that was a bit of a misnomer about that, that you can get it anywhere. Certainly the reception when you can get it is very clear but obviously like anything digital, once the signal's gone, it's gone, you don't get anything. Yeah, could have been. So they must have to re-broadcast from different places I suppose to get the digital sound. Eleven? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.