 What did I do yesterday? I woke up yesterday at about half past five. I think after getting up, I got showered and ready for work and left home at around about six o'clock where I drive to Eight Mile Plains busway and catch a bus into Roma Street. Yesterday I think I caught a number 88 bus which got me into Roma Street by around about half past six and then started work by seven. When I arrived at work, as I always do, I checked in at the front counter with our trustee administration assistant and let her know that I was in the building and available if required. I've just come back from a number of weeks leave at the moment, so still getting on top of all of the tasks lying in wait from that period of leave. I think yesterday morning I still had something like 300 emails to wade through which kept me busy for a fair portion of the day. I think at around about, well also at the moment I've just exchanged roles with another of my compatriots in a similar position in the section where I work. Throughout the course of yesterday morning we spent a fair bit of time together exchanging notes about the roles and giving one another some tuition on how to cope with all of the strange nuances of the different jobs. At lunchtime I think I adjourned to the first floor of headquarters and met with my wife for lunch. She works, she's another ex-scientific officer who now works on the ground floor in headquarters, so we caught up for lunch. Yesterday afternoon I think I continued with whatever tasks were going from the morning and actually I lie. First thing I did yesterday morning before I got on with all the tasks that I referred to was a presentation from the psychological assessment unit who are now looking after forensic services branch with ongoing psychological testing to make sure that we're not about to pull the undies on our head and the pencils up the nose. So I think for the first hour, yes or maybe between eight and nine, we had a presentation from a young lady in relation to that and then for the next hour filled out written questionnaires along the lines of our operational stresses and personal stresses and all those sorts of things. So I got an interview with her on Thursday I think to find out just how crazy I am as a baseline. Yes, after lunch did all those things that I referred to. In the afternoon left the office at around about three o'clock and caught a bus back to Eight Mile Plains. I think from there went home and attended to a few chores, went for a run, managed to time that at just the right time to be caught halfway round when the only rain of the afternoon poured down. Arrived home saturated at around about half past five thereabouts. Then got stuck into the ritual of feeding my baby daughter dinner and shower and what have you before putting her to bed at around about seven o'clock. After which my wife and I sat down to a more relaxing dinner without work colleagues or children in our ears, watched a little bit of a movie and then it was an early night. I think I got to bed by nine, nine thirty. A pleasant change. Alarm went off around about half past five I think or probably more likely twenty past five and I snoozed it until half past five. Probably twice, mine's a five minute snooze. Before leaving home, probably half an hour getting ready and half an hour getting my... oh no, no, yeah about half an hour getting ready. I didn't have any toast for breakfast, I only... I had a muesli bar at my desk. Boring. I didn't. No, I had a... I keep a stash of muesli bars and coffee sachets in my desk at work so that's usually breakfast. Left... arrived at work. Yes, yes, at about six a.m. that's right. I drive from home to the bus stop which is about a five minute drive and then about a two minute walk from where I parked to get onto the bus. I don't. It'd be a very long walk. It's five minutes down the gateway motorway so it's about a six kilometre walk. Yes. I normally start the first few days of the week at 7 a.m. and 8 a.m. on Thursday and Friday when my wife doesn't work. I did through some of it, I had a week at the Gold Coast through that period and yeah I think that was the major holiday for the period. Good question. About 15? Everyone. It wasn't a mandatory thing, it was all voluntary but everybody volunteered so I don't know if it was a peer pressure thing but everybody put their hand up. I'm not sure how much the results mean, I think it's just sort of an ongoing thing to see how much you change over time. I think it's something that they're introducing so that new practitioners who come in clean, unaffected, can be monitored over time. I guess for some of the older hands whatever psychological damage is going to be done to us has already been done. I'd say about five hours. Stopped for lunch I think around about a quarter to twelve. I didn't bring, I bought a sandwich from the cafeteria on the first floor. I do. A chicken and salad sandwich. I finished work at three. Good question. Again I don't think I had to wait very long. The triple one buses and the 88s come fairly frequently so I was probably gone by quarter past, maybe, no, it took me a while to get out, maybe half past three. I didn't walk home and actually I left out a little bit of detail there in my original story. I forgot that before leaving the office my wife requested that we swap cars so I went to visit her on the ground floor, got the keys to her car and drove her car to the service station to fill it up with fuel. And then I drove. I did. Dutifully brought home later on of course. And about five kilometers, around about 25 minutes. That's a roundabout average. If I'm going well I can do more quickly but fairly unfit at the moment so that's about as good as it gets. What did we have? Good question. Oh it was a sautéed chicken dish and rice. No we didn't have the same dinner. We had steak and salad which was some leftover steak that we had from the night before which was a giant rib fillet that we'd taken to my parents place for a family function. So we polished off the last bit. Okay, no comment. No comment. Okay.