 Yesterday was yet another day at work, so woke up at about quarter to six in the morning. Actually didn't sleep real well, so the alarm actually went off yesterday and that got me up for the day. Got up, got my dogs up and then put them outside and made some lunches to bring to work. Came into work yesterday, the usual Monday morning bun fight, which is because I had Friday off, and a lot for the PDA on Friday and then didn't work the weekend, and the email box is normally chockers. And then the standard people ringing up with things to get done for the day. I had a talk with Leon Watt from down the coast about some training that he needed done. Sorted the jobs out yesterday, had an eye towards the training day that we've got on here today and getting stuff organised for that. The boss took a PDO yesterday, so fielded all his calls and had to deal with some matters from the superintendent, down from the assistant commissioner, so that all needed to get sorted out. Finished the working day, jumped on the bus over the road, which was chockers because university's gone back and all the uni students are back on the public transport, so can't bitch too much because we travel it for free. So, packed on that. Got off at Lutwich Shopping Centre and needed to go to Peerless Dry Cleaning to get some mending done on some clothing items and then went to the shop, Coles there, to get some supplies for dinner last night, which was going to be lamb rug and josh cooked at home. Caught the bus, got back on the bus at Lutwich and caught it one stop to my stop, which is Kedron Brook Station. Got home, got my dogs for a walk down at Kedron Brook because they've been going crazy because it's been raining for the last four days. So they've been looking at me like, what have you done for me lately? So I had to take them down to the park, which they really enjoyed because they're used to getting probably five or six trots down there a week. Came home, cooked dinner, that was good. Finally found some time to read the paper and have a bit of a think about what was going to happen today. Went to bed at about quarter to ten because I hadn't slept real well the night before. So I was just wearying over it and I'm a bit over the wet weather and the rain too. How's that for a summation of the day? About 5.45 yesterday morning. Normally like to get up that early so I can make some lunches, which means I don't have to go to the cafeteria here, which means I don't get persuaded to have a Worx Burger and chips and I stick with the salad sandwich that I bring from home. No, I normally wake up at about the same time every day. I don't normally, the alarm's really just a backup. So I'll wake up, if I haven't had a good night's sleep, I'll maybe wake up at quarter past five and then just doze for a bit, but it's rare that it gets to the stage of the alarm going off. I have two dogs. There's a male and a female. The female's older, she's five. Her name's Charlie. She's a Rhodesian Ridgeback cross Kelpie cross dropwheeler or something. She's about 40 kilos. And the younger dog, his name's Oscar, he's about to turn four. He's Rhodesian Ridgeback cross Bullmastiff. So he's 60 kilos of flying idiot. He doesn't really know which way is up yet, but he takes most of his lead from her. She's got him well, she's smaller, but she's got him well and truly bluffed as to the pecking order in the house. Probably longer than it needed, about 25 minutes, because I make lunch for myself and my partner. So she can just, she's in real estate, so often doesn't get time for a lunch break and will take it whenever she can. And it's easier for her to just go to the fridge and have it ready to go rather than have to go out to the shops and buy lunch or source it from somewhere else. Especially if she's not eating it until three o'clock in the afternoon. That varies from day to day, but yesterday it would have been about out of the house at about ten past seven. I then have a five minute walk across a park to the new bus station that they've put in just for me. And then wait for the 333 or the 340 to come along and jump on and here we are. It's about six caves from the city, so it takes about 12 minutes. Chockers, but that's peak hour and like I said, with university going back, you can tell incrementally the Christmas break when everyone's on holidays and school holidays. And then you can tell when everyone's finished that immediate break for Christmas, New Year. And then you get another phase where school goes back and then you get another phase when uni starts again. So it sort of incrementally increases on the public transport. No, like I said, we travel for nothing. So I would normally get on the council bus, walk to the doorway in the middle of the bus and just stand in that and let everyone else pack on because I'm so tall. I can't stand up the back of the bus. Otherwise I bang my head on the bus. So it's easy for me to get into that doorway and just let short people go by. Yesterday it was probably around 7.30 because the boss called at about 25 to 8 to say he wasn't going to be in. He was taking a day off. So yeah, it was probably around 7.30 yesterday. The first, I've been on holidays for two weeks. So I came back to 300 and something emails that I'm still working through. So I sort of grade what's urgent, what needs to get done right now, what needs an immediate response. And then I've got a backlog of stuff from when I was on holidays. That's probably another 30 emails of people asking about things that I need to respond to, but not immediately. I had three pieces of raisin toast yesterday. Normally it's cereal for breakfast, but yesterday I just felt like some raisin toast. So yeah, and marmalade. I did just one because I'd had a rubbish night's sleep and I just needed a little pick-me-up first thing in the morning. Normally it's a couple of tea, but you know, not as much time as I would have liked. It was pretty much winging it today because I had a couple of people pull out who were scheduled to attend and help us out with some things. So it really just become a discussion piece today. But no, I bought the lunch from home. I don't know, I suppose that's the economics of it where if you go to the cafeteria, it might spend $8, $10, $12 with whatever you buy. And even though lunch from home probably cost around $3 or $4 for both, but it's the time of half an hour in the morning. So no, that of a temptation of going to the hot box and ordering a Worx burger and chips. I think I walked out the door at about quarter past four. No bus, get the bus home. I think it was about 4.25. I normally find that there must be a lot of government workers in the city because you find that the bus immediately after four o'clock is normally chockers. And then if you wait till one that's 20 past or 25 past, there's only half as many people on there. So I think a lot of government people knock off at four. And because we're one stop out of the city, then all the city people jump on the bus there and it's often full. So the 333 bus will just wave on by because it's chockers coming past and not stop at Roma Street. No, always a bus because the bus station's right next to my house. So it'd be a 2km walk to a train. And the bus service is really good since they put the new busway in. I can get the 333 or the 340 which come from out the north side and they both stop all the way into town. So it's only five stops away. Really can't complain about the public transport from my perspective. No, it was for a mending alteration to a skirt which wasn't mine. And I was surprised it only cost 10 bucks to have a hemline re-sewn. Probably about 50 minutes. So they go down to the park and where I live near Kedron Brook at Gordon Park. One side of Kedron Brook which is a creek that runs from up at Enoggera Reservoir out to the bay. The brook is a little creek that runs along there. But on either side, the government have put a floodplain. So basically it's designed to, in times of heavy rain, get a whole heap of water out there. So the creek comes up onto the floodplain and it'll often be 8-10ft deep. Water will flow out through there. And obviously with all this wet weather it's been up and down. But one half of that is probably Brisbane's best dog park. So it's a mile and a half long where you can just have off-leash. So the creek is one boundary of it and then the backyard fences. So your dog basically gets on there and all it can do is run up the side of this floodplain. And every man and their dog get down there and the dogs all play together. And the other half is then a bikeway and places for kids on rollerblades and what have you. Not real good on the Indian Curry so I think it took longer than it should have. Probably about 45 minutes. No comment.