 Now, at least if we jam them in the Saab, that gets them done. And that way you don't have to keep chasing them and following them around. Got to think about what I did yesterday. And I say no comment. No, no. No, that was... Yeah, that was alright. Came to work, rostered 8 to 4. Mondays are normally fairly hectic, so I came in early to get started. That was at about 7.30. Caught the bus into work. It was chockers, as usual, because university has gone back, so the buses are full. Um... Came in yesterday, got the day underway. It was a fair bit on. I had to send Gerry over to the Central Exhibit facility for half the day to photograph stuff over there. The boss wasn't in yesterday cos he wasn't feeling well. I also found out Friday that the annual conference that I go to, which is the Electronic Evidence Scientific Working Group for NIFFS, they've decreed late last week that the conference this year will be held here in Brisbane, which is a bit of a bummer, because I was looking forward to a trip to Darwin or to Perth, where I haven't been yet. But, yeah, they decreed on Friday that that's where they want to come to, so I had to rapidly run around on Friday and see if we can organise some space in the building, because it's 30 people for the conference they were talking about early to mid-August. At the moment, we've got so much going on here with recruiting, cos they're trying to put an extra 1,100 police officers through the academy, and the G20, which is on next year. They've booked up all of the meeting rooms in headquarters, so it's really difficult to find any space to try and run a conference. And when you've got people coming from all the other police jurisdictions and New Zealand, you don't want things to look half-assed when they get here. So, basically, I get to do all the legwork for this, don't get a trip to anywhere, and have to make sure everything runs smoothly. So, the only room I could find was the Commissioner's Conference Room in the week of the 5th to the 9th of August. Also, I get the problem then that if you go into mid-August, all the accommodation in town's booked up, because everyone comes to town for two weeks for the ECHA. So, yeah, trying to make stuff happen, pretty tricky. Yeah, between getting emails through the president of ESAG, who's a New Zealander, so Auckland being three hours ahead of us, then he's emailing me to remotely, how's it going, can you organise this, can you organise that? So, I'm having to do the local groundwork, then also put feelers out to five different motels that are close to here, so we can give people accommodation options. So, yeah, between the phone and the bloody email, it's insane. So, that was most of yesterday at work. Yesterday afternoon, got home, went over to the pool and swam some laps, and then had a quiet evening at home. Lamb chops and steamed vegetables for dinner. My dogs looked at me disappointedly because I didn't get a walk, but that'll happen this afternoon. I woke up before the alarm yesterday at about quarter to six. Just got up. No, I always have breakfast here. Yeah, yesterday I did just. I did. My iPod, just random selection, could have been anything. I was making notes of stuff I had to do when I got to work, so it was just background, just shuffle. I started work when I normally start work, which is earlier than what the shift says. So, if my shift says that I'm working 8 to 4, I'll normally be here at anywhere between 20 past and half past 7. About the first hour and a half. Now, I knew about the conference on Friday, but I'd sent out a lot of emails Friday to hotels and what have you, starting inquiries, so I was getting responses from them and playing tin-tacks between New Zealand and the people here. No, there's three separate delegates from each jurisdiction, plus a few add-ons. So, there's the seven states, plus the feds, plus New Zealand, plus a couple of extras who run the show. So, it's about 30 that come. Um... Yeah, probably. Tim Woodcock from Electronic Recording. He's a delegate for the AV unit. So, I'm a delegate for the digital imaging. He's a delegate for AV. And a bloke by the name of Pete Kingsley, who's the senior sergeant down at Forensic Computing, is the delegate for the computer nerd squad. Unlikely. It's easier just to get it done. And then they'll send it out from New Zealand to All and Sundry, and each jurisdiction will have to make their own arrangements and pay their own bills, but we'll put on the venue and probably do a little bit of social coordination as well. As you know, I attended, yeah, last year's conference was in Canberra. The year before that was Melbourne. The year before that was Wellington. The year before that was Hobart. So, there's been some good trips in it, but I was just unlucky that this year they decided Brisbane, because they consider Hobart and Wellington to be long travel trips, where they tend to lean towards the eastern seaboard. So, Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane as a central thing for everyone to come to. Hoping sometime to get to Perth and Darwin, but we'll see. Maybe. The conference is two days, but there's normally a workshop at the front end of it. We had a workshop last year, but the Audio Visual fellas have a workshop this year. So, they'll come for three days. So, they'll fly in on the Monday night, they'll be doing their workshop on the Tuesday, and then the conference is actually Wednesday and Thursday. So, most of the pundits from the other states will fly in on the Tuesday night for the conference, Wednesday, Thursday, and then they'll fly out on the Thursday to go home. Some will lay over till Friday. Hasn't gone to sleep. I did. 25 metre pull. No. 40 laps. No, what's that? 2km. 40's about as far as I can get at the moment. Mmm, I'd like to swim three times a week, but it doesn't often happen that way. So, I've had a dodgy back for years, so running and cycling isn't much for me, but swimming's a good sport for trying to do some sort of exercise. About 25 minutes. One near my house, yeah, I do. Mmm, yep, that sounds about right. I don't know, about half an hour. Grill. Grill. Griddle plate on the stove. Nah, just had a shower and read the paper, and that was about it. Sure. No comment, no comment. No comment, no comment. No comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment. No comment, no comment. No comment. No comment.