 Yeah, we might talk about Sunday. Woke up Sunday morning, good to see some fine weather for a change. And then went out to DFO, which is the discount factory outlet or something out near the airport. I've only been out there once and I was decidedly underwhelmed about that place. But went out there, predominantly as principal shoe carrier. But yeah, marched around there for about an hour and a half and that was okay. And then went home from there. And then our friend Audrey came over with her German Shepherd Kaiser. And they went for a walk with our dogs down to the park and then came back again. Went out to the shops and did all the... While I was walking in the park, went out to the shops and did the weekly grocery shop and all the chores and got a roast chicken for dinner. Cooked a roast chuck on Sunday night, which was quite good. Sunday night, managed to get a bit of home office stuff done, sorting through emails and paying bills and the rest of that. Responded to Phil, who's a fellow that I go fly fishing with every year, about some trouble he's been having with his son and some issues he's had in his personal life. And then about around Sunday out, I was looking forward to... Well, looking to see what the week ahead brought. A little bit of a sleep in on Sunday morning, so I think it was about 7, 7.30. Yep, yes I did. No, I didn't have any cooked breakfast. I have cereal for breakfast normally. No coffee, I have a cup of tea. Just the chores, a couple loads of washing, raked up some leaves in the yard and just a bit of that and was out at DFO by about 10am. I did, I bought a shirt from Jag because I was in need of a short sleeve shirt, but I found that most of the stuff out there, they seem to have a specials rack out the front, which is really cheap clothes, but then most of the stuff inside is pretty standard pricing and all the sizes seem to be small, medium or large. There's no bigger sizes. So yeah, never really found the place too appealing. No, no, distinctly underwhelmed and yeah, I don't think it's all it's cracked up to be personally, but that's just been my experience. She bought three pairs of work shoes, but I don't think she thought that much of it either, but shopping anyway. No, yeah, it was about two hours and then we came home and had lunch, a late lunch. Just a bread roll with some roast beef on it and salad from the fridge. No, bought from the store. They, the partner took the dogs for the walk with her friend Audrey and I stayed home. Got some peace and quiet and got to read the paper. Not while I were out walking the dogs and then when they got home, I went out to the shops and bought some groceries and the supplies for the week, dog food and that at the pet store. About two hours, I did. More garden, trimmed up the gardens and a bit of house maintenance because it's been so wet, then it was good to see some fine weather to actually get outside and do a bit without getting drenched. And not on the weekend, no, I made it last week. No, I didn't. Two kilo roast chuck, so that went on at about five o'clock, so it took about two hours in the roasting in the oven. No conventional roast, so roast with vegetables and gravy and stuffing in the chicken and traditional Sunday night roast. About half past seven, I didn't, but it was on. My Kitchen, Master Chef something or other. I, yeah, don't follow too closely. Indeed. Yep, about half an hour. No, I read the remainder of the Sunday paper in the Australian from Saturday that I hadn't had a chance to read. I think it was about 10. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.