 Yesterday I woke up around about 5.30. My alarm woke me up, rolled over, turned my alarm off, went back to sleep, woke up about 15 minutes later, got up, hugged my cat, sat hugging my cat for a while, decided I needed to get up and get dressed. It was raining at the time. Then went to have some breakfast. I believe I had yogurt and peaches with oats on top. I then went and got the clothes I decided worth the day out of my pile of clean clothes on the floor drobe. Ironed my clothes, got changed, messed about a little bit more, decided to catch the, went and caught the train. Still raining. I know it was raining, so I didn't have my umbrella. I got drenched. It was great. Caught the train. Train ride into the city takes about an hour and 10 minutes. The train leaves at 6.23. I got into the station at Roma Street. Five minutes later than normal. Then I go and get a coffee, come across the road, and obviously start my day, 7.30 I start work. I then had all of my emails come through. I get to do all my destructions for security licenses, which is what I do. So I wrote some lists. I have to write my lists out. And what else did I do? I suppose that's really all I do for that part of the morning. So I wrote my list. I wrote up my little sheets of paper that I get to take fingerprints out and replace them with. I did my Excel spreadsheets, which are very exciting. Then I had lunch. Lunch was the same as breakfast because I can't think about what to make at that time in the morning. So it was peaches, yogurt, and oats, which was great. Then went back to work, which was more of the same. I finished work at 3.15, I believe. Caught the 3.30 train, which is an express. Got to train station. I've lent my mom my car for the last few days while hers is getting fixed. So I had to ring to have my mom come pick me up, but mom was helping my sister to buy a car at Redcliffe, so she hadn't come home yet, which meant I had to walk home. That took 15 minutes. That was not fun. I don't walk. So I got home probably quarter to five and straight into the jammies, onto the couch, and watched some mind-numbing television. Anything else I need to elaborate on that? I don't think I said what time my alarm went off, did I? 5.30, yes, just the once. Gosh, I'm not sure, 15 minutes maybe at the maximum. Yes, he's fat, black, that really explains him. Four years about that. Oh gosh, two minutes, yes. I didn't have any toast. I had peaches, yogurt, and oats. It is indeed, I had iron two. Yes, I didn't walk to the train station in the morning. I had my mom drop me off. The drive takes about three to four minutes. Not normally, no. Yes, pretty busy. Usually is in the morning, it's a peak hour train. Yes, oh gosh, I think I was facing towards the direction of the station. So going forward, I believe I checked my Twitter account. Not really, I got wet, not on the train, obviously. A little bit, I didn't buy any tea. Did I say I had a coffee? I did, didn't I? A mocha, a large one, one sugar. No, just before work. Started work at about 7.30. Oh, probably a couple of hours. Oh, lunch, what time do I have lunch? Probably would have been about one-ish, I suppose. 1.00, 1.30, oh, I brought my lunch. Not really, no, at 3.30. No, 3.15, my bad, I caught the train at 3.30. It was pretty uneventful. Busy again, it's again, it's a peak-ish sort of train. No, it's an express, if I can, yes. Oh, probably a good 10 to 15 minutes. No, not as much. There was a little bit of precipitation, but it was reasonably dry. The TV, do you mean TV show or what TV? Oh, the TV show, oh gosh, I think it was one of those afternoon cartoon programs. Mind-numbing, mind-numbing stuff. Probably Looney Tunes, I think it was, was a cartoon. There was a duck, I think it was Looney Tunes. No, oh gosh, didn't have chicken. BLDs, I read three, but I didn't tell you that I was reading a book. Did read, McKenzie's Mountain, I think that's the one it was called. Uh-huh, I didn't tell you what time I went to bed, but it was about 9.30. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.