 Awesome. I won't remember if I don't tell the truth though. Yesterday was Wednesday, was it not? Okay, so I got up at about 6.30. I didn't have breakfast yesterday. I made my lunch, which was not my normal yogurt. It was a different kind of yogurt because I couldn't get my normal yogurt, which was very annoying. I drove to the train station, caught the train at 6.23, took about an hour to get into the city, got my coffee at the train station, came into the building at about 7.25, started work at 7.30. I had a massive amount of destructions to do, the fingerprint destructions, so I shredded all of those, stamped them all up, as I do. I think that took me to about 12 o'clock. I would have done some security inputting until about 12.30. I had lunch at 12.30, my disgusting yogurt, and came back at 1. From 1 o'clock... No, what did I do yesterday? From 1 o'clock, I think I did some sorting of my fingerprints. Oh, I would have filled out a heap of lists. So we've got three different registers. I've got a register where I put down the dates that we destroyed the security fingerprints. Then I had... and that took me quite a bit. Then I had the second register, which is the one that you fill out. I don't know what you call it, I should know this. Anyway, I filled out the second register. Both these registers took me about, I don't know, an hour to fill out. So I did that, printed them up, put them into my little folder. That was fun. That took me to about 2.30. 2.45, Dave left. He's the guy who works my pod as well. From 2.45 until the time that I normally leave, which is about 3.15, I pretty much just sorted files. I did up some destruction, criminal destruction files, which was interesting. Then I believe I bought one over here actually. So I think I bought one over here that afternoon. 3.15, I went to the train station, caught the train at 3.32. Takes, again, an hour and a little bit to get home. So I would have got home probably about half past four. And I... I did yesterday afternoon. Again, pretty much nothing. Got home, fed the cats. I think my sister came home at about half past six. Made dinner, sausages and vegetables. Had that about half past seven. By half past eight, I was in bed. Read some book until about nine and I think that was it. I think I passed out, went to sleep. Do I have to keep going? Have I got more than 10 minutes? So when you woke up in the morning? No, no I wasn't. I woke up a little bit before my alarm. I always wake up about five minutes before my alarm. Yes, I do. Now I stay in bed. So you didn't have breakfast in the morning? No, no breakfast. Do you usually have... Um, no. Sometimes. I'm often on breakfast, girl. Yes, not my usual yogurt. It was Greek yogurt. Not the same brand that I normally have though. Jelna. I think it's Jelna. Yeah, this was Farmers Union. Yes. No, bastards. Did you like the one you got? No, it's terrible. You drive to the train station. Yes. Anything happen in particular? Standard drive. Did you have any more? No, oh gosh, no. I get there early enough that there's never, never a problem with parking. It's fantastic. Oh yeah. And was the train busy? Yes, it's always busy on the express. It comes from Nambour, so it picks up everyone. No, I messed around on Twitter. It's good. Oh gosh, bit of both. Yeah. Do you remember one of your... something you said? Um, I wrote a couple of tweets. I mess about as a fake, a fake parody account because I don't want to be fired. No, it's um, I think one of my tweets, we were just responding to each other, or my followers and I were interacting about, I don't know, something to do with the environment. It was a river. Can't remember the name of it. Obviously, I spent a lot of time really in, you know, getting in depth with my tweets that I remember them really well. But yes, I can't remember what it was now. It was other stuff that was political too. Do you have lots of followers? Oh, not really. Last count was 249, so not many. Um, so what was the first thing you did? Uh, first thing I did, first thing I did was put my yucky yogurt in the fridge. Did you have a coffee or a cup of tea or anything in the morning? Yep. Got a coffee from the train station. You said you had lots of fingerprinted users. How many were they? 99. Yeah. What's a normal day? Um, yeah. Generally speaking, every day, but I had Tuesday off because I was on my well, um, because I was going to come here. Um, so a couple of days had backed up. So I had 99 that day. It was full on. And do you do them all in the same go? Um, the shredder's pretty cool. Oh, that I just dump them all in. It's a really big shredder, so that's cool. I'm probably going to break it one day. Um, but yeah, individually, you have to go through each person's online file and change it all. So that took a long time. Yeah. Up until about, yeah, about lunchtime. It's actually, it's probably not as long as it sounds, but it seems to drag. And you, um... Um, I did here at 1230 in the lunchroom. Did you have anything with... No. No, you don't eat? No. It was really bad. I should, I should mix something with it. And did you have anything else? No. So after you left, and you spent the afternoon doing that? Yeah, that and some criminal destructions. So you finished at 315? Yes, it is. Yeah. Yes, it was express. That's why I finished at 315. And, uh, it's expressed from, I, I believe it's from, um, Richlands possibly, uh, and goes express through to Caboolture, but then goes on till, uh, continues on to Nambour. No, strangely enough, I think it only really shaves off about 10 minutes, but still, it'll work out. Exactly. Oh, yes. Now, were you on Twitter on the way home as well? Yes, I was. Yep. Uh, anything else on the train? No, I don't think there's pretty much. I get kind of involved in, I just get sucked into everybody else's tweets. I try not to listen to everybody else. It's going to Caboolture. Yeah. There's a lot of Caboolture bevins on the train in the afternoon. So when you got home, you fed the cats? Mm-hmm. How many cats? I have three. There's Nosferatu, which nobody understands. Um, but he's been shortened to Squeak. There's Jude and there's Orbison. And how long? Um, I had them since I was born and I've had them for four years. Yeah. Yep. Born on Christmas day. Uh, accidentally. Yeah. Fair enough. And is there one that's the boss out of a lot of them? Yeah, that's starting to change. There's a bit of a political shift going on in my house at the moment. So Orbison used to be the be-all and end-all. Uh, but Squeak has put on a little bit of weight. A lot of weight. He's become extremely fat and is starting to literally throw that weight around at the moment. So I guess with three of them in the choir, Oh yeah. So when you're making dinner, what do you do? Um, well, no, I sort of have to move their heads out of the bowl to put the food in. And yeah, it's, it's, it's terrible. I am their animal. It's ridiculous. You feed them first or you feed them? Oh yeah, gosh, yes. Um, for 10 minutes. And how did you cook? I didn't have chicken. Sausages and veggies. And then you, you went to bed and read, how many? Probably five, I think. No, just started this one. Um, 8.30. No comment. Did you wake? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. You have 400. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Is your train? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Can you really get something out of that? Um, most people know.