 I have to remember what yesterday was. It was Monday. Okay. Ah, well, yes, I got up early because I wanted to ride my bicycle into work. So that means to get here on time, I have to leave as close as possible to 6am. And so I got up about, oh, 20 past 5, I think it was. Started getting ready and all that sort of stuff. But, as often happens, I only got away about 10 past 6. Had a quick piece of bread and something to honey and banana or whatever to get going. And then got the bike out and got all the gear on and made sure I had my pass, which is a problem if you forget that, you can't get into the building. So then, yep, and hit the road and it was cold. According to the thermometer, it was about 20 degrees, but it didn't seem as bad as I thought it was going to be. Unlike today when it was freezing. It was 14. So, yep, and then rode in. Lots and lots of people on the bicycles yesterday because this week is bicycle week. So they've come out of the woodwork. So come across a few others, like, further out because I'm 30 kilometres away. Don't often see many people coming all the way from out there. But there was a few other people that had obviously decided to ride for bike week and coming. And some may normally as well, but you don't always see many people. Wasn't too many cars, thankfully. I rode in, got to work, showered, organised the washing of the clothes. Fortunately, we've got a washing machine so we can wash our clothes. Someone was already using it. So I put mine in the tub to soak and come back later on and organise to wash them. And then sat down and started to do some real police work. Well, not a real policeman, but police type work, if you know what I mean. And that was about it because I started at 8. I was on the 8 to 4 shift. So, as luck would have it, at about quarter to four, in come some urgent jobs. So I stayed back and did those. Only got away about 4.30 in the afternoon. And the bit that I wasn't looking forward to was the ride home into the moderate southeasterly winds, which means headwind. And last week I looked up what the term moderate means. That means between 23 and 28 kilometres an hour. So that's not a real exciting prospect, but it wasn't as bad as I had feared it might have been, thankfully. So I got a bit stronger with a bit of practice. And although it's not good, for example, coasting down hills where you'd normally do 40 freewheeling, you end up doing 30. So it takes about 10 kilometres an hour off a wind of that strength. So that's a bit of a pain, especially when you've got to go up the hill at the other side. Yeah, the traffic wasn't too bad. Lots of ignorant bicyclists that won't talk to you. But I don't know why that is. But many people, you say hello to them and they just freeze up or whatever. I don't know. Must be the way I smell. And there, got home about... So I left you at 4.30. Yeah, just before 6, about 10 to 6 or a little bit after, maybe closer to 6 o'clock. Yeah, got off the bike and then went inside. The wife had just got home from work as well and she was watering the garden. And went inside and had a shower and collapsed. No, not quite. I thought I'd go and have a lie down because I thought I was a bit tired, but I couldn't sleep. And just got up again, ate dinner, talked about things. And I did end up... I had to go and do some computer work. I had to take some photographs of some items and email them to somebody for this morning to have a look at. So I did that. That took a little while. So I suppose about 10 o'clock or so, I went to bed. Set the alarm for too early this morning. I'm on 62 today. Yesterday was about 5.20. I set it for you. No, I didn't. Usually I do, but not yesterday. I actually got up because I wanted to get away on time. If I leave too late, like if I leave at 6.30 and I'm riding in, it means I've really got to push it hard to get here in time to have a shower. Start at 8 o'clock, which is not good to be rushed. And then there's a chance that somebody else will be in the shower and that will be a problem. So I prefer to leave earlier. I forced myself to get up yesterday, even though my legs were still sore from previous weeks riding. But anyway, yep. I had one piece of bread actually. It's a wholemeal bread with a banana, half a banana and some honey on it. Whatever, yep. We've been baking our own bread the last week or two. We got a cheap bread maker from Aldi. It's working out really good. But this loaf, my son, it was house sitting for somebody, a friend of someone that he works with. And he bought it home from there. So I was finishing that off. I was going to say it wasn't as good as our homemade stuff, but that was all right. The loaf with the bread maker, it takes about three hours. I think for the one that we've got, we just bought some packet mix, a soy and linseed mix from Aldi as well. And it's like $2 a loaf. And you just put the thing in and the mix in. I put your water in first, add your mix, and then you spread the yeast down the middle. And three hours later, there it is. It's amazing. Oh, yeah, we've actually, I looked that up on the internet. And to keep it, the best way is to put it in a clay container, clay or pottery. So we actually had a pot that's been sitting on it, I don't know if it was a wedding present or whatever. So it's sitting around for 30 years doing nothing. But the bread fits vertically. And so we're using that. And it lasts until it's finished, which is always a problem in our house. The bread goes off. And so the wife wants to freeze it. And I hate it when it's frozen because it's a pain to get out. And we're sort of starting to freeze half loaves and have a half loaf fresh. But this way, it stays fresh until it's finished. And remarkably, the eldest son, 21-year-old who won't eat anything generally, unless it's McDonald's or Hungry Jack's, loves it. And he says, where's the bread? Where's the bread? Why don't you make another one? So that's just after only two loaves. So he's all good. So all good. I'm trying to ride every day. I'm on eight to four. So currently, my roster's two eight to fours a week. So I'm trying as much as I can to ride on the eight to fours. We had the physical activity challenge the last six weeks. And I went in that last year. And that was really good. And this year, again, I've captained out a team, which I got some people from Fingers to start up. And so I ended up, I was building up over time. And I ended up doing 300 kilometers in the last week of the challenge. So that was, I think, three days at least riding in. So I did one six, 4am start to get here by six. And then a big ride on the Monday afternoon. When I got home, I went and did another 30 k's that day. And then on the Saturday, I've been riding with a local cycling club. Just a social ride they have on Saturday mornings, which is 45, which has got me just over the 300 k's. But yeah, I've recovered all right from that. But last Thursday, I went up foolishly because let down. I will have a bit of a week off. Plus, I had other things to do that didn't really suit to ride. So I hadn't ridden all week until Thursday. And I said, I'll just go out. And I often go around the corner and just do laps of a little sort of side street. It's about a 700 k back and forwards, which is boring. I thought, oh, no, I'll go for a ride up to the plateau, because I haven't tried that for a while, which is a very, very steep. Well, I didn't do too bad. I lived. And I got up the hill in one go without stopping, which is usually two stops for me since I got a new bike with bigger gears than the old one. And I'm sixth on Strava, but only out of eight. That's all right. Was 12 minutes and 20. The fastest time was eight minutes. And the slowest time out of those eight is 26 minutes. So yeah. And then, but Saturday, I was really sore. So I just said, well, I'll go out Saturday morning as well. And I thought, I'll be sorry if I don't, because the weather was perfect. You know, blue sky and whatever. So I did all right anyway. So yes, you've got to do it. If you keep going, you get better. But it's hard work, unfortunately. Oh, I think it was $10 exactly. I'm not telling you because it's not on the dietary advisory board. It was possibly junk food, but I'm not saying for sure one way or the other. Ah, well, there was two. And urgent in the fact that their enhancement requests from a fingerprint expert to enhance images. And so we sort of treat those as a priority as opposed to general other jobs that might come in. Because they put a special request in for it. And I thought, well, I'll do them now because he may well have been on a two to 10 shift. And he'd want to look at that straight away as soon as possible. So if it's important enough for them to ask for a special enhancement, we deal with them straight away. So it always does. Oh, I didn't sleep, but I lay down for about half an hour or so. Yep, just as a bit of a recover. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.