 Yesterday was Thursday, pretty much the same as I did last time we spoke. You know, should I get up? I woke up early because I couldn't sleep anymore, but then I knew I had to, I was going to ride in again, push bike in, so I did get up a bit early. I had some breakfast for once, which was good, because that made a bit of a difference coming in. It had been raining earlier, but I thought I'd regret more not riding in, so I decided I would ride in, and got here in reasonably good time. Hardly anybody tried to run me over, which was good. Did I meet somebody along the way? Trying to think, it's such a long time ago already. Pretty ordinary I think coming in, and yeah, did normal work for the day, except as I said we had some new equipment we were trying to install, which gave us the usual headaches. Mmm, blunt, nothing spectacular. Work, work, work, till 4 o'clock, and then rode home. Only one person tried to kill me on the way home, at the same place as the previous time I rode on Monday. A stop sign which people tend not to stop at, so not excited about that, but anyway, give them a friendly wave and carry on. Ah, yeah, and then there was a strong headwind yesterday, which wasn't good, so I was taking a bit easier anyway, and I got to Chatswood Hills, and out of the side street came a guy that I know from riding with the Logan Cycling Club, and he lives just around the corner from me, and he was on his way home from work as well. He works at Archerfield, so he rides a few times a week as well. He's older than me, and we rode the rest of the way home together basically. Got home, ah, shower. Actually no, I painted a 3 metre sleeper we've got. Our fence was damaged in the storm a few weeks ago and I haven't got to fixing it yet. I temporarily patched it, and I was debating how best to strengthen it, so we decided on putting a vertical sleeper as an end post if you like, because it's sitting on top of a retaining wall. This fence that blew down, it's just a colourbond fence, so it hasn't got a whole lot of strength laterally or side to side. So anyway, I painted the sleeper the night before, or the night before that, when I got home after work, and it got rained on. I was outside and washed the paint off. So anyway, I repainted it and then put it in the shed so if it rained last night it won't be wrecked again. That was about that. Cleaned the paintbrush, went inside, had tea. Was it Thursday night? Oh yes, there was a bit of interesting stuff on TV. Watched that new show called The Checkout by the Chaser team, which is about retail stuff. Have you seen it at all? Yeah, quite interesting. It's like a consumer affairs program, but with their comedy sort of interpretation, and they talked about refunds one other time. What were they talking about last night? Something good? Oh, the milk war, the milk price war. How Coles and Woolies now say they've done this deal which is so much better for farmers, but they're actually not giving them any more money. And if you buy the premium milk or the dairy farmer's own brand milk, the farmers actually don't get any more money out of that either. So whether you buy the $2 milk or the $4 milk, the farmers get the same amount of money. So it's all a lot of rubbish that Coles and Woolies are trying to sell us. And lots of other things like that, and they do it in a funny way. So yeah, that's quite interesting. And then there was another show on after that called Orbit, which is spectacularly good, but unfortunately there's no TVs available for me to watch it, because my wife was watching her stuff on one TV, and then my son and his friend who's staying with us, who's an apprentice, in the last three or four years he's come over to our place, because he lives in Toowoomba, and he has to do it at Logan TAFE, so he stays with us for the week, and he comes. Anyway, they were watching the soccer on the other TV, so yes, anyway, missed out on Orbit, so I'll have to see if it's on again, a repeat of it. It's spectacularly good. That's two scientists, young scientists, ladies, who do a year going around the world filming different aspects of how our orbit affects the weather and tides and all sorts of stuff. Lots of GoPro cameras and wide angles and spectacular scenery, and it's just magnificent. It's really well done. And they present it in a youthful, interesting way. So I think it's on, must be on SB... Oh no, it's on ABC, that's right. Yeah, ABC. So yeah, fabulously good. I've only seen the one episode, but yeah, it's really, really spectacular. They went to a place somewhere in Norway, you know, where it's daylight for three months and there's a plateau that you can see the sun continuously because it's flat and just all this other stuff they did. The place where the tides change the most, like there's a 40-foot difference in the tide, and you walk across and literally the water's chasing you, you know, across the... all that sort of stuff. My son said he had a lecturer at uni who's been to that same place and actually got caught out. They almost got swamped because their boat stopped working or something like that, but it's famous if you're a geologist, weather person or whatever. So yeah, good stuff around these days. And then that was it, conked out, went to sleep. Ah yes, the usual story here. I probably was because I went to bed earlier the night before and I'm so programmed to having short night's sleeps that I wake up six hours later, which is what I normally get, five or six, and just wake up and say, okay, I need to sleep now. Can't do it, can't do it. Ah yes, I did. The homemade bread. Good, yeah, well, we've got a different mix this time. It's a dark wholemeal one, which is quite a lot heavier. I don't think as nice as the other one, but it's still edible. No, no, and I only got a very light sprinkle, I think, at Batmount Cravat, where it usually rains. It was very light, so yeah, didn't get wet at all, really. Probably if it's quite heavy, it's not very comfortable getting wet, but if you get wet as you're going, well, you're wet from sweat anyway, so. Yeah, but as I said, it's more of the regret. I did it because you regret if you're riding a motorbike and suddenly it's beautiful weather or fresh air, you think, what am I doing this for? And like this morning, because there was a train on the Story Bridge this morning, which I didn't know about, but 5.30 dead stop, you know, coming in here on the Captain Cook Bridge, stop, put you down, stand and wait. It's annoying. You know, if you're going to be standing in traffic, you might as well be riding a push bike and keep going. Having said that, yesterday afternoon, I forgot to mention on the way home, at Springwood, it took about 10 light changes to get through the underpass to the highway, because I go out with cars and it would have been better if I'd have gone the service road through Slacks Creek rather than the service road through Springwood, because I would have missed all the congestion, people trying to get up on the freeway. Crazy. Yeah, I got to work at about 20 to 8. Wake on, walk on, whack on, depending how you want to say it, digitiser tablets, pen tablets. Well, they're used for, rather than a mouse, because we do image enhancement and stuff like that, and a mouse, the problem with it is either on or off, but a pen tablet, you can apply pressure. So if you're trying to do burning and dodging, for example, with a mouse, you've only got the fixed amount of whatever the setting percentage or whatever. With a pen, you can apply it gradually. I do it now with a mouse manually by clicking, giving you the 100%, and then there's a fade command, which means you can wind it back, but it still gives you the full shape of the mouse cursor, so if it's a big round shape, that's the blob you get, whereas with a pen, you can actually pressure taper to give you pressure where you want, so it's more accurate. That's the theory anyway, and we wanted to try it and see if that helps at all. Yeah, they've got a different feel to a mouse, and there's different tips that you can use to give you a different feel, but I'm not sure if it's... it's probably six or one and a half hours an hour. It takes a bit more getting used to, because we're so used to the mouse, we're very good at that, and I've had a tablet before myself I've got at home, which is a serial tablet, but no computers have serial ports anymore, so I don't use it, but I've found it's more accurate to draw lines, or if you want to do handwriting and stuff like that, a pen's essential. You can't do it with a mouse, but for normal retouching, with practice, you get quite good with the mouse. It's just the tapering, you don't get the pressure, that's the difference. But with my one at home, the tip is very slippery, and the new ones now have got interchangeable tips so you can get felt or rubber feel tips which have a lot more drag like normal paper, otherwise it's very... Yeah, felt, that's right, yeah, exactly right. Ooh, I think I just had rice cakes and light cream cheese for... No, it threatened, but it didn't make it all the way home before any rain came down. It's the Torah Street overpass, it's a very short overpass for cars, and it's controlled by a stop sign, they're supposed to stop, and there's a bike designated, it's not a bike lane, but it's got the bike symbol on the road coming along there, which goes close to the freeway, but there's all bushes and stuff, so the guy coming across Torah Street can't see very much until they get right up to the stop line, but a lot of them, like they do at stop signs, they don't stop. So yeah, the last two times coming up to that, had I not stopped, there's a potential that they could hit us. I did stop, this guy yesterday was about three foot over the stop line, but I was literally dead still, and he was there and I was there, like three feet apart. Yeah, if I'd have kept up going the speed that I was going at, he might not have seen me at all, but because I was already on the brakes expecting some fuel to come through like they do, you know, but that's the thing, you know, if you don't take care, other people don't. It is grey, I can't think of the exact name of the grey, it's not woodland grey, it's something else, well it's a mid-grey if you like, yeah. I was washed off because it was still wet when it rained, so I painted it and the rain fell before it had dried off, because it was quite moist and whatever else like that. Yeah, I didn't realise, I thought it would be dry enough. Yes! Last night, no, I was going to, and then the wife came home and told me, stop what you're doing because I've got something else that she brought home that she'd planned to. She brought home chicken fillet things and then she made curry chicken and rice. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.