 Yesterday, Daniel, I woke up in the morning and I had a hearty breakfast and came into work on my bike, rode my bike in yesterday and started work at 8.15 at my desk and attended to my usual work issues and all was abandoned due to, all my plans were abandoned due to the visitor, an unexpected visitor who I ended up spending the whole day with. It was a person looking at our forensic register database and how it fits in with what we do with their casework. That took me through to about three o'clock and then I attended to some of my other duties and at four o'clock I got back on my bike and rode to the Clarence Corner Hotel. I had some beers and a meal with the Major Crime Unit staff from the Scientific Section and had dinner with them at the Morrison Hotel and rode my bike the three or four kilometres home and I got home about seven o'clock and when I arrived home I had to help my son, who's in grade eight at Brisbane State School, had to help my son with his homework, some HP homework that he had and a little bit of mathematics. And then I watched some television. I did actually talk to my wife too, I have to say, I wasn't ignoring her. I did talk to my wife, caught up about how the day was, had a glass of wine and then I watched a little bit of television and went to bed. Television was very interesting last night. It was about, there was a program on the ABC about, can I talk about it? About some people who were, had victims of scams, mainly with like these relationship sites, looking at you know when you go rendezvous and things like that and these, through these people had been scammed by people overseas and I guess what I found interesting was that it was, they were local people and it was all to do with the support group that they attended was here at Queensland Police Headquarters and I went, oh, that sort of got my attention and I went, oh hang on, I know that superintendent, that's Brian Hay, the fraud squad superintendent, so that got me interested and it was amazing to see how people can, how trusting some people can be with such little knowledge and almost, they're naive I guess. One gentleman from the Gold Coast was, had formed a relationship over the internet with a person who was supposedly a American, a gay American soldier in Afghanistan and he'd formed a very quick relationship with this guy and this guy then said, oh I've got all this money that I've been earning over here, I need to, need you to look after it for me so when I come home and visit you in Australia I can, you know, I can get it off you and he said, oh yeah, that'd be great and of course this was all, you know, just a ruse. So the fellow then died, surprise, surprise, was killed in action in Afghanistan and the parcel was stuck, he received genuine documents from, or appeared genuine documents from like the London Post office saying that he had to send money to get this parcel, that he had all this money, it released, you know, and then he got ones from Venezuela and like all over the world, just kept him and he had, and he's paying all of his pension, this guy was a pensioner, he was an elderly gentleman and he just had to keep, he just kept giving, he was starving, he didn't have any food in his fridge or anything like that because he was so worried about getting this parcel with all of this money in it, you know, so Brian Hay, the superintendent here, actually went down and saw him with this reporter and said to him, look what can we do to convince you that this is, because he didn't believe that it was a, that it was a scam and the guy said, the only thing that you can do is tell me that this fellow that I've been dealing with, Mr. Whatever his name was, Bento or someone, is not an employee of the Barclays Bank in Guyana, Ghana. Yeah, Ghana. So they went to Ghana, the ABC reporter and Brian Hay all went over to Ghana and what happened was, they went to Barclays Bank in whatever the capital city of Ghana is, maybe Lagos or something, I'm not sure, and they got a letter from them saying, never heard of this guy, doesn't work for us anywhere, he's not an employee of Barclays, certainly not in Africa and not in Ghana. So they thought that was great. But while they were there, there was another person in this support group who'd been scammed by someone in Ghana. So while they were there, they set this up, this guy had been sending money to this woman, supposedly, that he'd never met or spoken to on the phone and the contact by phone was this man, of course, you know, surprise, surprise. So they set up a sting with the Ghanian police to get this guy in the hotel room and get him to admit a few things that have bugs and cameras and then they'd arrest him. And this reporter had to really go out in a limp, pretend to be this guy from, he was like a farmer's son from Chinchilla. He'd been into town like, you know, came into town twice a year. You got the picture? He's, you know, he's pretty real naive and simple, but a nice kid though, but you know, he just wasn't worldly. So he, they got these guys in the hotel room and the police were in the room next door as well as down in the foyer, Ghanian police, and he had like a code word that if he felt like he was, and they were trying to set up a kidnapping because they said, oh, this woman Josie, I think her name was, she didn't exist. They said, oh, she's living in the village now, we've got to drive you to the village and they would have kidnapped him and demanded money. So when he felt that he was in an unsafe position, he asked them to, they told him to say this code word, red light, I think it was or something like that. And he was like screaming red light, like every sentence he could think of to get the word red light. And he's going in the bathroom looking for a microphone, red light, red light, and they weren't coming in. Ghanian police had stuffed it up. The guys, the two police next door who were listening in the next room, thought the guys in the thing were going to go into the room and the guys down there thought they were going to. So they ended up, he left the room, bravely, he left the room, went downstairs and they arrested them down in the foyer. It was a pretty close run thing. So when they came back, they showed, you know, all of these people this evidence and those guys got three years in jail. There were two of them, actually two of them, not two guys in Ghana. They got three years each in jail. And I don't know what happened to the other guy. We didn't really hear about the other guy, but the fellow in the Gold Coast was then convinced. And he'd promised Brian Hay that during the period they were going in Ghana for the couple of months they were gone, he wasn't allowed to send any more money from his pension. And they walked in and the first thing they did, they went to his fridge and said, good, it was all full of food. And they'd got him some help. I think the Salvation Army had been asked to assist him too, because he just gave his whole pension check. He had absolutely no money. He was starving. Very interesting. I'm normally not, you know, something like that. I probably, you know, that's a bit silly. But then we had the Queensland content, you know. It's a news series. No, I can't remember the name of it now. I'll have to look it up, actually, because I'd like, if it's on next, I don't think it's always about scams. I think it's sort of, I've forgotten what it's called now. He's a good reporter, though. The guy's really good. He's a local ABC guy. Must be from Queensland, I think. Did a good job on it, actually. When he put it, because this guy from Chinchilla had like a big hat and glasses, and they'd seen a picture of him, so he had to look a bit like, so he had to take his hat with him and everything. And he did look quite like him, actually. He was thin enough to be him, so, yeah. Then, yeah, then I did, yeah. Then I went to bed and woke up this morning and came in, came into work again on my bike this morning, so, yeah. Yesterday I woke up at 6.30. Yep, I got off a bit late. Normally I don't get up at 6, so I get up a bit earlier than that. Okay, yesterday morning I had Wheat Bix for breakfast. My ride to work takes me about 20 minutes to order a door on my bike. Yep, nice, nice. It's getting good now. Summer's a killer, you know. Well, it's okay. I don't mind the heat, but when you get into work, you know, you're so sweaty. You've got to have a shower and you've got towels and stuff, but in the wintertime you can kind of get away with it, you know. You don't get as much of a sweat up, you know. I would have been at work maybe 40 minutes. No, it's sort of just, this was that period, I think. I was just about to get really stuck into things, and then I had to drop it all and go and talk to him for the night. It was like a sit down and just talk to him all day sort of a deal. That was until three o'clock. Yeah, I did. There were supposed to be 12, but there was 10 of us. Two couldn't make it. Yeah, well, I was looking forward to a steak. I had a steak. I had a rump steak. Done rare, medium rare actually, and had some prawns and scallops and things with it. It was really not really nice. Right, yeah, but I refrained from any red wine because I had to drive. Right, well, it's not as regular as it should be, but yeah, we like to, each of the units likes to do, we have like a combined section, one, I believe twice a year, and each of the individual units of which there's five usually does their own thing. This wasn't my unit, but I just wanted to, the unit's got a, the senior sergeant that's now looking after that unit used to be with my unit, and I just wanted to go and give her a bit of support and fly the flag and make sure she had the numbers. So yeah, it was good. They're a good crew. Good crew of people, yeah. He was learning about, I think this is what, it was a little bit unclear what the teacher was getting at, but he had to formulate a number of diets, two-day diets, and there was a cost involved. So it was, you couldn't spend any more on a meal. You had $30 for four meals, for eight meals. You had $30. You had to design a meal for a healthy person, what they'd consider healthy, a teenager, a foreign person, an ethnic person. You had to choose an ethnicity and then think about what they would like, and then like a really unhealthy one. So basically McDonald's all day. Yeah, yeah. So yeah, that one, the unhealthy, that's what everyone was amazed with. My wife as well. So he was really easy. He could do the unhealthy one really easily, but he had a strike. He's going, you know, let's pick a person. We'll pick a Thai person. Okay. What would Thai people eat? And I said, well, and I've been to Thailand couples. I said, well, this is what they'd have for breakfast. And he's like, really? Rice soup with pork or something. Yeah, it's true. And what would a teenager eat? For us, a teenager will eat anything. You could put half a beast in front of them and they'd eat it, I'm sure for breakfast. But most teenagers would have probably, you know, bacon and eggs and whatever you put in front of them. Cereal, toast, excessive everything. And a healthy person, you know, I said, well, you know, probably what he eats now. He's pretty good, my son. So I'm going to follow that up and see what the result is of that, because I wasn't quite, I think they're just trying to get the kids to recognise what a healthy, you can eat healthily for just as cheaply as you can to eat, like takeaway and fast food. I think that's probably, you'd think for health and physical education, they'd be trying to teach them. Sure. I have no comment on that. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Cool. That's it. We're finished. Yay! Fruition, finally. You get all your data and you don't have to rely on our bad, or my bad.