 Yesterday Wednesday the 6th of March I woke up at quarter to six, had coffee and some breakfast and woke my son up and got him ready for school and my wife went to work early. She rode her bike to work yesterday. So I she was gone by about 6 30. So I got my son ready for school fed him and then had breakfast and got all his school books ready and he walked to the bus and I walked to the train station, caught the train to work and I was at work by yesterday by nine o'clock yesterday. I got in a bit late. I don't normally start at nine. So in by nine and then had a fairly busy morning at work. I had to examine a set of lights taken from a train that had derailed about four years ago and there was the both the two drivers of the train were killed. This happened up at Cardinal and I had to have a look at the lights that they'd sent down to see if whether we could examine, could determine just from looking at the bulbs whether the lights were on or off at the time of a derailment, of the impact, they hit a ute, a ute on the crossing. It turned out that the bulbs were high intensity discharge lamps, which don't involve filaments, which meant we can't examine them so I had to pack them all up again and put them put them away and the detectives coming to pick them up tomorrow. So that was how I spent my morning yesterday. Most of that time was spent dealing with the property aspects of the exhibits and then went out for, I caught the train over to South Bank to attend a lunch for my unit and the lunch was being held to say goodbye to a senior sergeant that's been working with us for the last through two years and there's a bit of a change up going there for the new senior sergeant, so the old senior sergeant took us over then we all had lunch together and we had something to eat and a few drinks and I caught the train home by about 3, I think it was home and my son arrived home not long later about four o'clock I think he came home or soon after four and then I had to help him with some of his homework and we took our dog for a walk down to the park and and came home and my wife was home by the time we got home after walking the dog and we had some had dinner which was some pork spear ribs done in the oven and then we had a drink and had a talk for a while my son went away and did his homework and then we all went to bed about oh, I think we're all in bed by about nine nine nine nine fifteen last night so pretty early night I called to six. No, I don't have snooze on my alarm. No, straight up yesterday I had two Yesterday I had wheat bix. Well, there's a little little wheat bix square thing. So just a pile of them in a bowl I don't recall. He catches the 8.30 bus The train station. I actually walked to the train station. I would have caught I caught the 8.45 train from Dutton Park's train station. At that time of the morning It's not no about quarter to nine. It's most of the rush hours over So it was quite I remember it was I was saying to myself it was a good time to catch a train. I did Uh, no, I don't I always sit sideways though. So I wasn't facing, you know for a raft. I was either facing I was lateral I don't I don't know why I prefer the side seats for some reason. Yeah, I did examining the lights. I would have spent probably Half an hour with the other time being spent the other the rest of time being spent doing exhibits and Doing some research about high-intensity discharge lamps and some of the safety aspects with of those and whatever So yeah, they were headlights from the train parking lights If you can say train has parking like some of the smaller lights from the train and there was also lights from the crossing They wanted and they're all going to go to a Queensland Rail tomorrow to be Checked to see whether they're functional We don't have the facilities to do that because it requires quite some quite Complex electronic stuff that they've got to use to do that. We don't have the skills to do that So we won't we'll just leave it up the QR No, well, there were other things but I didn't get around to doing those before that before our lunch. So I'm doing them today I did I was at South Bank not far from the South Bank train station So I decided I just jump on the train go two stops and then walk You know the 250 meters or whatever from the train station to the restaurant the rest of the staff Caught a taxi I believe for $8 And I always I always said to them it's because you're women the taxi drivers Allowed you to do that because I've tried many times to get a taxi just over to South Bank and they drive off as soon As you tell them you go into South Bank. I'm not going to South Bank. It's not enough money So I said well done $8 for the whole for four of them So it's two bucks each and I was cost me more than that on the train didn't you? Yes $31 25 was remaining on my go-kart. I remember that. Well, I always watch it I always watch it every day to make sure that And the right amounts coming off because if you don't swipe them the second time properly it defaults to like $7 They just yeah, so you just gotta be careful with it. I had I didn't have any on tray. I had a two beers two peroni beers before lunch and I had the Angus black Angus Queensland black Angus fillet steak no, sorry rump steak had it done medium medium rare actually and with chips and a salad and With a bottle of two hands Barossa Shiraz. There were one two, three five after lunch. I Walked back to South Bank train station and I caught the train back to Dutton Park and walked out He was doing some English homework. He's had to read a book He's in the aspire English class at school and he's been given six weeks to read great expert expectations by Charles Dickens and excuse me, he was having some troubles with interpretation of a particular Passage in one of the chapters there and he'd been asked a question by his teacher to write something about a relationship that he was having with with one of the characters and he didn't quite understand what the question meant and when I explained it to him. He was able then to go on with and there were some words in there We didn't understand either some of the vocabulary in there's very old Well, it's not maybe not old style vocabulary, but I mean the style it's written in is old But some of the words are in the dictionary, but you don't use them like, you know rhyme RME I've never heard of it, but it means white frost apparently so the rhyme and it means white frost So we just said white frost in it, but they say the wrong just stuff like that So it's been in it's been a learning experience for him. Yeah, and me right. I've got no comment on that No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment