 Yesterday, Danielle, I woke up at quarter to six and made breakfast for my 13-year-old son, cooked him some eggs, got him some cereal and got a bowl of some milk out, and then went and had my shower ready for work. Because it was raining, we decided we'd take the car to work. So my wife and I and my son left home at... My son plays cricket at State High School, so he had to be up early for cricket training, which started at 7.30 sharp. So I dropped my son on the way to State High School in Gladstone Road, and that was about quarter past seven, and then dropped my wife at work at the Brisbane City Council and then parked at the Traders Hotel opposite police headquarters and went across to work. At work, I undertook my normal duties within the analytical services laboratory there, and my day was spent analysing some paint samples from the Maclay Island matter that's currently being investigated. In the afternoon, at about 12 o'clock, actually, I had an early lunch and then went up to QUT, to the central analytical and research facility up there, to utilise a scanning electron microscope to analyse more of the paint and concrete samples associated with that case, and that kept me busy until about four o'clock, after which time I walked back straight to the car park at the Traders, got in my car, exited the car park and went back, picked up my wife and went home. My son caught the bus home with all of his cricket gear, and we sat down to drink in the evening, had a bit of a chat. My son started doing his homework, took the dog for a walk, because it wasn't raining at that stage, and then came home, went back home and had dinner, watched a bit of TV and went to bed at maybe 9.30, a quarter to 10. So that was pretty much my day yesterday. I woke up yesterday at about a quarter to six. My wife wakes me up because she gets up really early. I probably spent 15 minutes making breakfast, cooking the eggs, getting the cereal, the eggs were the only thing that I had to cook, so they take five timers. I do, I eat breakfast with my son, I had cereal as well, I don't have eggs, I just had some cereal and some fruit, and a cup of coffee. No, I didn't, I was going to, but my son decided he didn't want to have toast, so I elected to not make toast, which suited me fine. I actually had one cup yesterday, sometimes if I've got time I'll have two cups of fresh brewed coffee, but I only had time for one yesterday, so I caught up when I got to work, I had another cup of coffee when I got into work, so that was nice. We left home around about seven o'clock, just to be able to stay high, about a quarter past seven, so he has to be at stay high about a quarter past seven because he's not allowed to wear his physical education uniform to school, he has to wear his school uniform and then get changed into his, so that takes him maybe, you know, 13 year old, it takes him about 15 minutes to do that. So, and because it was raining yesterday, their activity, cricket training was in the gym, gymnasium, indoor stuff, so he didn't have to take quite as much cricket gear, which didn't slow him down as much, I guess. Usually it's outdoors, yeah, and Tuesdays they're on the field and then Thursday they go into the nets, ready for their Saturday morning games. My son opens the batting for the state high 8A cricket team at the moment, he's also a fairly keen wicketkeeper, but he's the reserve wicketkeeper, so he opens the batting and is the wicketkeeper, so occasionally when the other guy's not able to do it. We're only a few kilometres away from State High School, but we're still outside of the catchment area, so we're about three, three and a half k's away from State High, one street away, one street outside the catchment area, so yeah, we didn't get automatic acceptance, we had to do the academic exam and whatever this year, so it was a bit tough. Yesterday I arrived at, soon after half past seven actually, so on my time, shall put down a call date, so yep, I got into work fairly early, when my son, Tuesdays and Thursdays, when my son plays cricket, I get to work fairly early in the car, so which is kind of nice. If the weather's fine, he normally catches the bus, I mean he enjoys catching the bus, even with his cricket gear, but because it was raining, we thought it was a bit tough, making him lug all that heavy cricket gear in the rain, so he appreciated that. Well, I don't drink tea, except after lunch, so I had another cup of instant coffee, dare I say. I'm not a big instant coffee fan, but I do have fresh coffee in the fridge at work, and I have a plunger, but I was a bit lazy yesterday, and I just had a cup of instant Mocona coffee, which was okay, yeah, got me kicked in, you know, about half an hour later, and I was right to go for the rest of the day. The paint samples that I was analysing were samples that had been brought in as extra ones from a recent trip by the detectives to Sydney. The person of interest had recently, was known to have recently assisted a man in Sydney to paint a trailer, and it was thought, and it was white paint that we were looking for, so one of the detectives went down and sampled the white paint from that trailer and brought that back, and that was the sample of paint that I had to test as well. The screening process, it probably takes longer for me to prepare the instrument for the analysis than it actually does to do the analysis on that one. So I obtained a spectrum and then compared that spectrum with other spectra we'd already acquired from paints that were, you know, found at this person's property, and none of them matched. So, well, it did actually match, it matched one of the paints that he had in his shed, but you know, probably everyone in Australia's got a can of that paint in their shed, so it was all very generic, so it didn't really mean much. Wow, yeah, yesterday going to QUT, I decided, I was offered a lift, in the summertime it's very, very hot, so you know, it's about a 20 minute walk on a good day up there. You've got two options, you can either walk along the river, which is obviously a nice walk, doesn't have as many lights, that takes 20 minutes, but if you like to go through the city, so up William Street, there's a lot of lights, it probably takes half an hour, all up there, and I can also use the CityCycle bike, which I often do too, but when it's raining, I like to get a lift, because I have to take a little toolbox with all our samples and holders and everything in it, and I didn't want that to get wet. I declined that yesterday from one of my staff saying, do you want a lift? And I said no, because it's not raining, but I, you know, I took my umbrella with me just in case, and about halfway, there was an absolute deluge, including wind and rain, you know, the whole lot. So when I got there, despite having a really quite a well-covered umbrella, big umbrella, I, yeah, I was soaked, my bag was soaked. Seatbelts were okay, because I had, I'd sort of put them in plastic and they were okay, but yeah, I was, and I was hot, so I was hot and wet and and been uncomfortable, so I had to get up there and sort of go to the, go to the restrooms and tidy up a bit before, but it was air con, so I'll get up there and probably took me yesterday, but I think about 35 or 40 minutes with the wind and rain, you know, I went very, very slowly, so it was the white paint, it was concrete from some of the white paint that we were interested in, had a very light brown staining on one side of it, with the flip side having rust, because it was in contact with a metal object, and we wanted to know what that brown stain, light thin brown stain was. My thought was it might have been CCA treatment of timber that had leached out, which it does, out of timber, and it had fallen onto this paint sample on this tool. Turned out it was rust, so it was, it was a very, very thin layer of sort of liquid rust on this, which was nice, and we also got the chance to, we could detect CCA compounds on the concrete, we found, there was heavy staining on that, and we were able to see the three elements we know that are present in CCA treatment of timber on that concrete, so that was kind of nice for our experience anyway, we found chromium, copper and arsenic present on that concrete. Unfortunately, the stain on the, on the paint would just tend to be rust, so. I finished up a QT at four o'clock, and then I had to walk back. Luckily, it wasn't raining, so it had stopped raining by then, and I was able to walk back to the Traders Hotel back down George Street to pick my wife up at 4.30, and I was there at 4.31 at the Brisbane City Council building in, at Brisbane, at City Square there, Brisbane City Square opposite the casino, so that was, yeah, that was good, all worked out well. I've no comment, no comment on that, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment no not comment, no comment, no comment no comment, no comment okay