 Well, I got up at my usual time and got ready for work. Then I thought, oh yeah, it's still raining. So I went down to the train station at Rosewood, looked down to the end of the road, and I thought, oh yeah, a lot of water down there. So I thought, oh well, I'll still go to work anyway. Jumped on the train, then catch the train until Ipswich, where I promptly got off the train and changed trains to go back to Rosewood. Actually did try to come to work yesterday, but because of all the amount of water out our way, I decided, so yes, I had to play around with very soggy water and all that, try to keep water out of my house again. So it seems to be a current occurrence every time there's a lot of heavy rain in my street. So I'm thinking seriously of just writing a letter to the council and straight to the mayor, because quite frankly, the local councillor is too scared of my husband to come and visit us again. So yeah, so that's money. All my problems were sorted yesterday. I then rang my son and asked him how he went with the water and everything, because at six, well, when the last flood was, we frantically moved everything again. Then the next day, just pulled it all down again. So yes, after all the floods, I don't particularly want to have to repack everything again if I have to, but it's a lot easier to just pack stuff up than have to clean a flooded house out. I've been there, done that, regrettably. So yes, but I'm used to floods. I used to live in Lismore where it floods all the time. So I've never had to have a house destroyed and rebuilt again due to a flood. But at least I have insurance that covered it. So that was no problem. But kids had to move back in with mum and dad. But the day that they moved in, I don't know who yelled at Yee-haw the most, them or us. Yes, so yes. But yeah, good fun. So yes, and the rest of the day, I just spent the day trying to see if it'll stop raining. But yes, we all know that we have no control over the weather. So yes, it'd be very nice for it to dry up. Then again, it gives me a good excuse not to have to garden. I hate gardening. But yes, but my front garden needs to be weeded something badly. So probably this weekend, that's probably what I'm going to be doing, pulling out weeds galore. So yes, oh, and multipot. Yes, oh, I had a few weeds in it beforehand. But now instead of them just being small, tiny ones, they've just overgrown all the garden, so I'll have to get out and do it. Not looking forward to it. But yes, either that or I can mow the lawn. But my husband won't let me do that, because the last time I mowed the lawn, I seized the lawnmower. So yes, but yes, oh dear. Raged garden. Thank heavens, because at least the raged garden stops the water coming across the street. Well, and truly down into my house anyway. But yes, I've got some bark chip stuff to put in it. But yeah, I just haven't got around to it. It's best to get all the weeds out first before I decide to go and berserk with the bark chip. So yeah, but I was thinking, I had a grandmother who used to do all the weeding when it was raining, because you'd think, hang on, where the heck's Nan? She'd be outside weeding the garden when it was raining. And she'd say, oh, it's the best time to do it. You stay cool and it comes out easy. But yeah, but when you pull weeds out this time, it's just going to come out in big clumps of mud. So I don't know whether we're just to let it dry off a little bit. So you can shake a bit of the mud. So yes, I wake up at 10 to 5 in the morning. I had two pieces of toast. I have it when I get to work. Can't eat that hour of the morning. I have a cup of tea, but I can't eat until about 8 o'clock. Yes, yes, it was very dark. Oh, too lazy to walk or drive. It's better a three minute drive. No, strangely enough, it actually had stopped raining just as I pulled up the train station. Normally you can bet every time I walk out of this building, it will start to team down, right? Mm-hmm. 605 train from Rosewood. Oh, I think it's five stations. No, it's really silly because the train that I got off to change train, I got back on it. It was the same train. It just goes between Ipswich and Rosewood. So I got off, I looked around and I jumped back on it. So yes, it's the same train. Yep. Did you get a seat on the train? On the train going in, coming home, that's usually the challenge to get a seat. Yeah, towards Brisbane. I think it was about 10 to 7. Yeah, about an hour later. My husband has very big feet and he wears a lot of thongs. So I usually push the water away from the front door with these thongs. They make really good paddles. Hey, I found it works. Yep. They're black with blue, like the straps on the front, blue, dark blue. Oh, about 10 minutes. Typical 30 year old child doesn't want to talk on the phone. So pretty short and sweet. Good question. No, I can't take it because I cooked lunch. We had bacon and egg sandwiches. Did the washing up and I did a little bit of ironing. Two prison guards. Too big. Oh, approximately four metres long, about two metres wide. Blame my husband for that. He decided to be a guard. He never weeds it. I do. Oh, yes. Watched a movie, actually. It was, um, oh, The Expendables 2. How lame. Ah, yeah, it was good. But as I said to my husband, it's obviously a like a movie done very cheaply. That's very, like, very reminiscent of that Flying High from years ago. And you think, oh, for sake. But I must admit, I was reading a book and watching it too at the same time. So no, didn't have chicken. Ah, dinner, we had chilli. And my husband cooked because I don't, I can't cook chilli the way he likes it. He likes it to have it real hot and spicy. So I'm just not quite as heavy handed as with spices with him because he had his own way. He just put half a tater of chilli in it. You think, oh, sand tax for taking after. But yeah, full. I believe I went to bed at about ten past eight last night. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.