 Okay, yesterday morning I woke up earlier than the alarm. I woke up at about quarter to four a.m. And lay in bed and just try to go back to sleep until about five o'clock when the alarm went off. Got up and had a cup of tea and left my husband only a tiny bit of milk. That was revenge from the other day when he left me no milk. So I thought, oh well, I'll be nice. I'll leave him a little bit of milk. I got my clothes together, then went and brushed my teeth, got in the shower, got dressed, shoes on, socks on, and then I took off. And then I said to him, oh by the way, need some milk, see ya. As I'm running out the door, he called me a few tourist names. So I thought, oh well, what the hell. Then drove down to the train station and jumped on the train and promptly went to sleep from Ipswich to about Milton. Woke up in time to get on the train, then came to work, dumped my bag and checked my emails and things and then spoke to Leanne for a little while. And that went and got all things ready for a property run that was for today. But half of it's not gone. One of the people have not showed up to work. Sick and then hotted around, gave a few things back, then went home, got home and looked in the fridge and there was no milk. And I said to him, you didn't get any milk. And he went, oh, I forgot that. So I ended up going back down the street, supermarket, getting some milk, coming back. And while he was away, while I was away getting the milk and he cooked tea. So I walked back in and tea was on the table. So yeah, so he redeemed himself. Then had another shower, washed my hair and then went to bed. So just lay there waiting for the alarm. Yep. Just a cup of tea. Yep. No, I don't get it until I get here. Just go down to toast then. Yep. No, just went to sleep. About seven, four. Someone comes from one of the sections comes and I just hand it to him and say, see you later. I do all the hard work and they just have to drop it off. So yeah, then bring the paperwork back to me. So I get a day out. Yes, it was actually. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. That makes the day go quicker. So yeah. Actually, I had it earlier 1130 because Leanne had to leave to go somewhere longer through her lunch break. So I was late for the only for lunch. I just went a bit early. So yep. Chicken, asparagus and ham pasta. Which is, yeah, wasn't that actually? No, I bought it from Dan's dear. Yep. For 18. Yes, it is very nice to still don't. I still don't get home until what? 20 to six anyway. Yeah, that's an express one. Um, no, caught up with a friend. And when she got off at Red Bank, I read my book. True crimes on those two com one. Yeah, just starting it. That's getting to the stage where it's not real interesting. So it's nearly case of bending the book. Yeah, I usually give it a two, three chapters. And if it's not any, if it doesn't take me interest from then on, let's leave it somewhere. It's getting very close to it. Yep. Yeah. And I was I've learnt to take when I come home, just come straight home. Because he never remembers. Memory lock. I see. Yeah, yeah, I've done that. So yeah. No, got the carton of milk and got the heck out of there. Um, beef enchiladas with Mexican rice. No, eight o'clock. Mhh. Okay. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.