 What did I do yesterday? Oh, I didn't do much. I just came into work and like I got up at my usual time at five o'clock and had my cup of tea and my shower, got ready to work, go to work, got on the train. Train trip from hell because we have a big like a six carriage train and it's usually fairly busy by the time we get into Brisbane but no, they decided to close off two carriages so you've got six carriages worth of people crammed into four carriages so everybody was up close and personal. So yeah, then we got to work, yeah, just received a bit of property from some people and gave a few guns back and then relieved Mrs Buckley for lunch and then yesterday afternoon I thought, oh, I might leave to go home early but naturally that didn't happen because I never do. So yeah, I knew I had to move. I could move offices and everything but yes, it was confirmed this morning that yes, I will be moving this week or next week so which makes it a little bit difficult because the office that I'm moving into is they're doing interviews, one-on-one interviews in it and makes it a bit hard to move in there when they're private interviews. So yeah, I'll just have to, in between the interviews I might just sneak in with a few folders and put them on a desk somewhere and but the boss said, oh, you're gonna have enough room Sally? I'm gonna have plenty of room so I'm gonna have a little bit more space than I've got now but I just won't have a sink so which comes handy that having a sink because when you're playing with guns and everything you just like to wash your hands occasionally and things like that but yeah, but I didn't get to do my weeding that I was going to do on the weekend. I'm going to use the excuse that was just far too damp, not the fact that I just couldn't be bothered. So yes, but I was planning on going camping this week but I won't be so I'll be babysitting the dog, my daughter's dog, so I might do, oh there's a good excuse not to do any more weeding. Oh I'm getting to like this. Now it's got to be done, that's driving me nuts. So but yes, I'll get it done eventually. Maybe my husband will do some, no, no, he hates weeding as much as I do but yeah, but yes. So as I said in the conversation with Gary that we were, I was going to a International Women's Day luncheon tomorrow so could be good, something to look forward to. See if it's as bad as last year's. Don't get me wrong, last year's was nice, they raised a lot of money and all that kind of things but when you're going to a big motel and they're having a function like this you at least expect the food to be hot when it's supposed to be hot and yeah, but it pretty much was $45 for a hamburger that you made yourself and it was cold. So needless to say none of us were really impressed. So yes, we'll see what tomorrow's like and if it's no good I won't get it next year. Oh yeah, a couple of speakers and usually they're really quite interesting ones. Like last year there was a lady that was a magistrate and I thought oh this could be interesting, really really interesting. I could hardly hear her. The first lady was a survivor from Bali bombings. Her speech was just a little bit, I don't know, didn't seem real. I think the fact that she, when she'd mentioned that she was, yeah, had actually had planned to go over there to commit suicide just didn't really, because she'd had, what was it, her partner had committed suicide and because it was like on the anniversary of his death and everything, that's what she was going to do. And yeah, and her two friends went over with her and they're the ones that died and she didn't. So it was a bit sad and that but she thought yeah, I wouldn't have really admitted that. It's given her a second lease of life but yeah, the fact that her friends obviously thought yes something was wrong and she was going to do that, something like that, and ones that didn't come back and she did. I find that very, yeah, very sad. But yes, I know some people need to have a tremendous kick in the backside to get into a second lease of life but geez, I could think of a better way to do on it. Well especially at a pretty much, you could say it's a cost of two friends lives. But yeah, but there was another lady that there that was, it was a business that helped people, ladies get back into the workforce by helping them with dressing properly and things like that. And I thought yeah, that was good because it's just the way she'd gone around it and seen a need for it. I thought yeah, that was quite good because yeah, you like to have what's here somewhere where it's something that's where it's really, I don't know, I'm considered a bit hard but really, really worthy kind of thing. It's just nice to hear someone that's actually looked out for someone else and not just for them, the bottom line that themselves and what they can get out of someone else's misery. So yeah, I thought she was good for what you could hear of it. And you'd think, yeah, stand up the back there and you think like, can you yell a bit louder? So yes, we were up back but we've been moved up close and that was a bit embarrassing. 5am, yes, yes, no I don't press snooze because the clock's on my husband's side of the bed so he gets to do it and I just go, nudge, nudge. None, only had a cup of tea. I had two pieces of toast for breakfast when I got to work. I believe it's five past six in the morning. Yes, when you're on the first stop, yeah, you get it, fortunately you get a seat. Oh yes, it was very cosy, yes, yes. Probably about quarter past seven. I think it was about four. No, I can give back a lot more than that in a day. I can also receive a lot more than that too, per day, for a day. I have actually received in one, say, occurrence number 36 guns. So yeah, don't like it when it's 36 guns because it's horrible. Four was a good day. Yep, probably about 10 minutes at the most because all the ones where it says like restored armed phone service just get deleted. I don't bother reading, just read the title. No, no, no, no. So yep, quarter past 12. Eight dollars. I had a hamburger from downstairs. Yes, yes, yes. A lot of paperwork but yeah, it won't take too long. No, four o'clock. Ah, no, yes, normal, normal. Yeah, no, I walk to the car park and then I drive home. Four or five minutes. Yes, it's a female. She's black. It's an American cross English staffie and she's spoiled. Oh, I'll just stay at my daughter's place and I'll feed her and I'll play with her and watch TV, curled up on the lounge. But yeah, normal things that grandmothers and granddaughters do. Yes, I did. A little bit, surprisingly enough. The start of last resort. Burnt. Ten o'clock. True. Okay, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, No comment.