 Yesterday morning, I would say as usual, I wake up with my alarm at about quarter to six, drag myself out of bed, go feed the cat, put some hot water on. My hubby and I like to have hot water in the morning as we're watching the news. And played with the dog a little bit, went back to bed, sat in bed and yeah, watched the news. Then I would have got up and started to get ready for work, try and work out what to wear, it always takes ages. Take a shower, all that kind of thing. Then I take a bus, you know, once I've had breakfast and headed out the door, I take a bus to work and start to work at eight o'clock. Always try and make sure to go down and greet my staff, say hi, socialise a little bit, how was your weekend, that sort of thing. And get to work quite busy at the moment, so I'm helping out with a few different areas, both within child safety and also for the renewal program, for QPS, and also on the State Crime Ops Committee for a party that we're organising. So my life is very busy at the moment, and doing choir, so sharing my time and hopefully some skills around the place. Just keep busy. I've got to help me, I have a lot of calendar reminders. My brain is like a sieve otherwise, so I set up calendar reminders to pop up all the time. Most of my colleagues are out on a training course at the moment, so I'm preparing for the next one, I do all the logistics behind the courses. At lunchtime, caught up with a friend and we went for a walk over the Kurilpa Bridge, just to get out. I love to get out at lunchtime and just kind of refresh and chill from work for a little bit. And then came back to work, just got stuck back into work yesterday, I didn't recall having any meetings yesterday. And then after finishing at four, dashed home towards the end of the Bold and the Beautiful, and took the dog for a walk and started getting dinner ready. The day passes very quickly. Oh no, I'd be horrible at that. No, I've set it up on my iPhone to only go off once and that's it. Yeah, I've slept through an alarm once in the past, so embarrassing. Never again. Mm-hmm, yep. Yeah, sure. My cat is a tortoiseshell, always thinks she's hungry. I don't know if she's got Alzheimer's or what, but she always tells me she's hungry, so she's a bit of a hilarious cat. And my dog also happens to be the same colour, so that was really embarrassing. When I brought the dog home and I looked at the two of them and went, oh my God, they're almost identical. My dog is a Shetland sheepdog, loves attention. She's small enough to sleep with us, which is very cute, and loves going for drives and things. She loves to play ball, so she's very annoying when you're trying to watch TV. She hassles you all the time with that. The cat is the boss. The cat does not really like the dog at all, which is a bit sad for the dog because she loves company. Yep. No, it's a mixture of boiling water and a little bit of tap water, just to take the edge off the heat. In winter we certainly like to add honey and lemon, but at the moment don't have those in there. I'm a bit of a mixer. I like to have my Dick Smith's breakfast cereal. He's got his own beautiful one, the Breakfast Foods, I think it's called. And I add in auburn and also some muesli, a little bit of Greek yogurt and soy milk. So I get up at quarter to six and I've got to leave home by 7.15. Can I admit, no, I'm a bit lazy. My husband drives me up to the bus stop, parks the car for me and then he walks the dog home. So the incentive is that he's got to walk the dog home. Yeah. 17 to 20 minutes. 17 on a brilliant ride. Fantastic. And then if we get stuck at a light, we add on those few extra minutes. Yesterday the bus was a little bit cool, actually. I think he thought it was still summer out there and even though the temperature had gone down a bit, he hadn't adjusted the aircon to suit. The bus in the morning yesterday, I don't think it was particularly busy. I was able to easily get a seat as I think everyone else on the bus was able to as well. Yes, I don't think there was anybody standing, which was unusual yesterday. No, I start work at eight o'clock. Yes. Yeah, I'm quite addicted to responding to people within a few minutes. I know I should prioritise my time better, but I'm one who can't help but look at my emails and at least let them know that I've seen their email, even if I can't fully respond to it at that time. So that's the hospitality training in me. Respond, respond. Yeah. Probably 45 minutes really in total to go through everything. The training courses we have are a variety of different courses. The next one happens to be next week. It's running for a two-day train-the-trainer session. But my priority at the moment is another eye care course that we run, which is in the beginning of April. So I have to organise their flights, accommodation, travel allowance, catering, all that kind of thing. Ten people from Queensland Police Service coming from around the state. Yeah, I'm a good girl. My husband makes it for me. I should say he's a good boy. So it's usually generic rice, veggies and some sort of meat that we had. I had leftover salmon from the night before, so it was good. I try and go for a walk for half an hour and then come back for 15 minutes and eat at my desk. So my lunch hour-or not really lunch hour, my lunch break is still the full 45 minutes. It's just that it's divided. We like to jazz it up a bit, keep it interesting. And so yesterday we actually even went to the flight centre on the way towards the Kurilpa Bridge just to pick up some brochures for another friend who I know is travelling from work. Not that I recall, no. I would say two or three times a week. I'm lucky I don't have that many meetings, but at the moment I have been for choir and for the state crime ops party. So in general, my particular line of work doesn't really require me to attend meetings, which is really good. I enjoy that bit. So I had to walk down to Elizabeth Street where in fact I ran for the bus. It was waiting for me and I knew it was about to leave. I didn't think I'd actually make it for the first bus. I was very lucky, so I didn't have to wait at all. What's the Christmas special though? They were always boring because it's just sentimental rubbish. So it wasn't my favourite episode, but yeah, for a few years now. No, no, no, no. I draw the line. I do draw the line. In length of time, it's probably a 40 minute walk because I walk down, pick up a neighbour's dog and then we go for about a 2-3km walk, I guess you would say, if you're trying to actually measure it. So the length of time is just a fun half an hour walk, allowing for the pick up of the dog and then walking back home. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Not just good for me, but good for my dog because she's by herself, so I like a bit of variety in her life too. Yeah, last night I actually had a lazy dinner because my hubby was out playing sports. I had a bread roll and a hot cup of soup, just a continental cup of soup. Exciting. I did make dinner for my husband, so I put on some rice. He's Japanese, so he loves his rice. So I prepared miso soup and some more Japanese style treats for him for when he came home later that night. I had all the intentions of getting there at 9.30, but after paying some bills, I was there at about 5-10pm and then I read for about 15 minutes whilst in bed before falling asleep. No comment.