 Yesterday I woke up probably about six o'clock I think and had a shower, got dressed, hadn't made the lunches so I had to move into the kitchen to make the lunches and husband must have made breakfast. Oh gee, I'm a bit vague about yesterday. Then everybody piled into the car about seven o'clock and headed off to school. We had to go to Nana's because on a Tuesday that's what we do, so we go to Nana's at Ashgrove. Actually sorry I went to Mitchelton, Our Lady of Dollars first and dropped Tom off and then got back in the car and drove to Ashgrove to drop Bill at Nana's. So had a discussion with Nana about medication and that didn't go the way it should have anyway, so that's all good. I went to the bus stop and was reading the paper on my phone and the stupid bus just went straight past and the other man and I forgot to hail it so we just said oh well sat there. Next bus came along empty which was great because that bus route is really bad along Waterworks Road, it's really bumpy so if you have to stand up and read your phone it's not very good. So got an empty bus to work, came to work a bit late, 10 past 8 I got here, made my coffee with my new plunger so I don't have to buy coffee anymore, sat down to the desk of leftover invoices to be processed. So completed the invoices, I had some kind of issue there but I can't remember what it was, why am I vague today? Anyway so then I moved on to correspondence. Oh no I had to drive James and Greg down to Albert Street in the car for a meeting so that was all good. Came back to work, got stuck in traffic, then I walked across to G20 to drop a letter off to my friend Anita and I went up to my old work on level 4 to pick up a book to donate to the charity shop and a CD of someone's photos. Who knows when I'll have time to look at them but they gave them to me and then let a couple of policemen in and then walked back to headquarters, came inside, probably did not too much because everybody always wants to chat to me. Then I had to go and pick up Greg and James from downtown. So left in time for that but ended up being really early so did a couple of laps just checking out the city which was just awesome and so I did a few laps and I nailed a great park in front of the building. So then I sat down in the car, read the phone again about the bombings, picked up James and Greg, took them back to headquarters. Then I ate my tasty lunch which was oven baked veggies with a tin of tomatoes on top and some corn meat. Then I had to go to a meeting on the QPS logo and name with Annette and take minutes for that. So that was in the ISB conference room on level 2, room number 912 and took minutes for one and a half hours and that was a cool meeting, lots of funny people in there. I came back upstairs and started processing Coro again, had a little bit of a hiccup with objective numbers. Then had an altercation with the AC's rooms photocopier so I moved into IMD room and used their photocopier. Gave the documentations to Greg and June, went back to my desk, documented that in objective. Then I don't know what else I did, that might be coming to the end of that day. Then I, oh yes, caught the bus home to Ashgrove and got in my car and drove home. Picked up two boys and a husband, take them out for dinner. We went to the Gaythorn RSL where you could get free kids meals with adults meals and the adults also got a free pancake with their meal. So that ended up being a great meal, big tasty and great service. Went home, had a few altercations with the children, getting them into bed. Then had to put all the folded washing away, have a shower, went downstairs to try and do some exercise on the exercise bike but I didn't get too far before I got bored. Then we had to wash the dog because he's got an itch and we had to blow dry him, towel him off and stuff. Then I had to sort out an invoice. Then I prepared the washing to go on this afternoon, took the washing off the line, folded that and went upstairs and went to bed and read my book for a bit. It's probably why I'm tired. All my days are big. Yes, Vegemite sandwich for Bill, Jam, ah Vegemite sandwich for Tom, Jam sandwich for Bill and the fruit you've got to have and a cheese stick and an up and go banana, bickies. And I had, oh well what I had, corn meat and veggies and I made Ben some corn meat and hot mustard sandwiches. Didn't ask him how hot they were actually. Oh no, he made the boys breakfast. They had Sultana brand. I don't really know what I had yesterday, I can't remember, depending on the chaos and whether I'm hungry. No, not from Nana's house, it's just across the like one, two blocks, two house blocks away. So that's awesome. Yes. And I swore. And the man next to me went, oh, well that'll teach us. Yeah, it's exactly what he was doing. Or music, he had like big headphones on and you know, music. Yeah. So anyway, the next bus came in two minutes. So it was all good. I stood up then and stood by the sign. So I couldn't, I've done that before. You know, you just get so engrossed in what you're doing. They normally aren't always that close together. It was just a stroke of luck really. Yeah. Sent text messages I suppose, not much else. Yep. On Tuesday it is. That was good. This one does. Yeah. It says three but no, must be tea, you know, olden day tea cups. Yes. Yesterday it was good. Probably only, oh, well maybe eight or 10 from 10 o'clock till 1130. So hour and a half. Yeah. Came back. Cause you're not supposed to drive the police car anywhere you're not supposed to. Otherwise you could stop maybe, but I always did it at my desk. Probably shouldn't. And keep working. Very good. I never go out. One o'clock sharp. Amazing. No, not a logo change. Just using, getting approval to use the logo for various things and use the right logo in the right way and the name and copywriting it and all that kind of stuff. So it's just the first meeting of this little group. Yes. It's a project that's going to go till September I think to get it all sorted. About quarter to six we left home. No, they're very quick. Risotto with tomato base and pepperoni and olives and basil and ham. That might be all. Yeah. Yes. Awesome. The pancake had a syrup and cream, but we didn't have it. We gave it. The meals were huge. Really quite good. They got free meals and they were big. Can't complain. Yeah. Tom had the usual chicken nuggets and chips and Billy had his usual pasta. His bowl was ginormous, but he ate it all pretty well. And then he ate his dad's cause we couldn't eat ours. It was so big. It was really good. $35. Four meals and two dessert. Can't complain really about that. No dishes. And the service was great. We go to the around leagues club sometimes by there. The boys like going to footy club, but the food not real good. Anyway, it's a little bit of a task, but he's a mate. He's only a puppy and I've washed him inside the shower downstairs like this before once. And I was home alone when I did it. And this time Ben got into the shower. We don't normally shower in the shower room downstairs and dog wouldn't come in at all. He was just, and he ran behind me and yeah. So he went in, but he had his head down his tail down and he just got a nice, you know, warm shower with this special shampoo to try and stop him itching. Well, I don't know, maybe once a week we might do it, but we'll have to take him to the vet if it doesn't subside. But the pet shop said it could be just the food. Let's hope we don't have a dramatic dog. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.