 Well, I woke up at maybe quarter to six, had a shower, took the dog for a walk, came home, fed the dog, probably hung out some washing, made a coffee, had a nectarine and some eggs, got dressed for work, probably potted around the house because I'm home alone without children or a husband. Packed up all my lunch ingredients to bring to work and drove the car from our place at Devon Hills to Newmarket McDonald's, got the bus which was quick, got into town and went to go through the cattle gates and I'm expired so I had to deal with all that drama. Came upstairs and oh my gosh I have so many emails with all this corro and I've got a new girl processing the corro in the other area. So it was a nightmare yesterday really trying to work all that out because she'd mucked some things up, not really but you know. So I did all that all day. I ate lunch at my desk. Oh I know what I did at lunchtime, I went to the meditation class on level two and did meditation for 45 minutes. I went back to the office, had a lady up there for an interview who liked chat. Had to clean the office after she'd left because the boys had been putting interview people in there with the dust everywhere so that was terrible. I'd inadvertently left my glasses in there so when it came time to go home I didn't have glasses. So probably just did work and spoke to Joyce in mapping because she's from Singapore and I was telling her my love of Asian food so she recommended a place to go. So then I decided I'd just go the valley for dinner on my own to where Joyce recommended. Golden BBQ. Had some, caught the train there from here, walked up Anne Street and ordered barbecue pork with steamed noodles and wonton. I got a free soup, veggies clear soup. So the soup was okay but the noodles were great. Then I waited for ages to get the bus back to Newmarket McDonald's and on the bus I did lots of reading on my phone about ADHD and speech language impairment which is what my son has. Then I drove the car home via the petrol station, filled the car up, washed the windscreen, checked the oil, checked the water because you can do these things when you don't have kids or husband. Then went home and walked the dog and then decided to go to Kmart in Coles because I had left my visa card in my pocket to buy a plunger for the office so I don't have to drink the bad coffee or the expensive coffee and some coffee to go in that and an air freshener for the house. Then I walked home with the dog and fed the dog, hung out the washing, brought the washing in, did another load. Then I went upstairs and folded all this washing while watching a bunch of feminists on Q&A that was quite interesting. And then I watched some other show whilst I was tackling the system of hand-me-down clothes I have. So I spent until midnight doing that and then I had bath at midnight because I could. Doesn't matter, no one's there. Oh yeah and I pulled the bathroom cover apart and reorganised that so I achieved a lot. And then I went to sleep. No I didn't, that was midnight but then the dog started barking so I don't know, I don't think I had much sleep. I was busy. They're coming back today. Oh chaos. No, I just woke up, had a shower first which I never would do normally but I did, I don't know why. Only around the parks. I think it was about 20 minutes because the washing machine was on. Yep, well I do take him off the leash even though you're not allowed to but not when I might be late for work if I have to chase him so no. I just walked him around on the lead. Yeah, yeah. Oh he comes back. He does go over into the creek and stuff because he can smell the lizards. Yeah, yeah. Chases the duck. Particularly interesting if a two-year-old's feeding the duck bread and then this big black dog comes in and all the dogs scurry. The kid starts to cry, you know. I did take him down to the creek but then I was looking back up because I couldn't let him off. I didn't have time to worry about him. He is a beagle retriever kelpie mix. Oh yeah, yeah. I'd done it in the afternoon. Oh so this is the morning, sorry. Yes, must have. Maybe that happened on the way to work. Yes, I did. I'd already cooked them last week. Hard-boiled. Peeled them. Chili sauce. Yeah, salt and coffee and a nectarine. Very nice. No, I don't. I'm a food addict so I just eat mega variety of food. Some new biscuit that Arnott's are putting out. I don't know what they look like a Vita wheat but they're not with pumpkin and sunflower seed. Avocado, tomato, lime and chili sauce. Made it all at work. Yes. Well one, I'm kind of a bit lazy because I have to walk 20 minutes to the train but the train takes so long because it goes all the way around from Gravely and then it goes all the way into Bowen Hills whereas if I drive to Newmarket, the bus just goes straight on the bus lane. That's left over from driving my kids to Mother Duck at Onagra so I don't always do it but school holidays, no traffic, easier. Then you can get the express bus in and the express bus home. No, I was texting people to organise a gathering at the Jindalee skate park for Thursday morning with the boys. Yes. Oh, only five minutes. I know I had it, my ID's okay but on the system I expired so they just let me through and I still haven't fixed it because I'm flat out. I just thought, oh, they can wait. They'll let me through in and out. I'll be right. Messy the whole day in amongst other things. No, I don't normally have meetings. Yes. Yep. Yeah, the avocado was funny. You like it. You know how they don't ever ripen sometimes? When you're desperate. I just shoved it on there and ate it. All right. It was good. Filled the hole. Yesterday's class is a talk. I've only been once before and that was just listening to music but yesterday's they kind of talk you through relaxing. They started with your feet all the way up your body so you have to clench everything up and then let it go and then just listen to the music. Well, I have this problem where I drift off even like, you know, not when I'm talking to you but when I was doing that thing to Mary-Anne. When I first started doing it I'm like, I've got to do this, this and this. I'm talking really fast because of what I've got to do up there but I still drift off and think, I've got to remember to tell those guys that. So I do that in the meditation and the light, she had the light on so I couldn't block that out so I need to make sure I'm up in the dark and maybe bring a rap, like a little rap, just so I don't feel cuddly. Somebody else had a rap. Four of us. Still nice to do though, just three and it's dark and you just, because you have to try and focus back to what the music, you know, and stop your head from wandering. Yeah. Two yesterday. Oh no. No, I just have to go and get them from the cattle gates and bring them up and show them into the room. One was internal yesterday, I don't remember, she was internal so. Caught the train. Yeah, no. Yeah. You'd have to like non-westernised Chinese though because it's not what you buy down the local Chinese. It's not very nice. Yeah. No, because they gave me free soup as well and I'm reading on my phone. Mobiles are great. I put water in. Ah well, it probably needs an oil change. I don't think it's been serviced for a long time. In fact, I was going to ring up about that today but that's not going to happen. Just had a little look. Oh no. I would be if I didn't have kids but I've got difficult kids so I have to be ten the latest generally. But I just wanted to get on top of this, my clothes filing system to get out all the winter clothes for both kids and put away summer and give other stuff away and to friends or the poor or you know, it's a big system because I have so many hand-me-downs from people. Yes, it was great. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Hopefully they'll... I want to go at three. I think it's a bit early. I've got one thing to do that I need to do. Two things that I need to do today.