 I don't tell the truth, I won't know what's going on. So yesterday was Monday, woke up and we're having an interesting life. Had probably a fight with the oldest child about getting out of the fridge, getting out of the cupboard, had to make the lunches. Caring little boy. So that was, you know, the challenge of finding the things for the lunchboxes. Then we had to eat breakfast. So we did all that, had a shower. I went to work for eight o'clock start and my husband took a first boy to Our Lady of Dollars to before school care and he took the second boy to the Glenleaden School at Fig Tree Pocket and he had an IEP meeting with the teachers. So then I'm at work and I was starving. So I went down to headquarters and bought a spinach and feta roll, which was delightful. Then realised I had to go out for lunch with Prima and Sam for Prima's birthday. Um, really can't tell. I had to laminate some maps urgently for GIS. Had to have a discussion with Annette from IP about logo use and the upcoming working group. Then I met Sam at the Asian restaurant on George Street and we ordered our meals and Prima's meal and had a lovely lunch of dumplings and Karachi chicken and rice or something like that. Then Prima and I walked back to work and, um, hmm, can't remember what happened. Had to do some purchasing for the libraries. So that was a little bit of sorting out from quotes that were a year old and unreadable and finding the supplier and ringing her. And they had morning tea in Melbourne, afternoon tea, so they were all happy and cheerful. And, um, that pretty well took up my afternoon there. Then I went home and my husband and kids had made pizza, which was lovely. Did the whole go to bed, reading book scenario, cleaning teeth, going to the toilet, always a major drama in our house. Then I spoke to my auntie and uncle on the phone about finding a dog sitter for Easter. Then I paid some bills on the computer after having no internet because of Telstra for a week or so. Wrote to my friend who is travelling around the States on a Churchill Metal Gola ship or whatever it's called. Snowing there, boiling hot here. Then, um, I decided to look up to find where my husband and I could go for our five year anniversary. So I spent too long on the iPad doing that. Went to sleep at midnight, so that's probably the whole day. Oh, probably 5.50. We wake up and our oldest child opens the fridge and cupboard door. Yep, got to go and supervise him. Left unsupervised. He has special needs, so you have to, you know, make sure he's not pouring two litres of milk over the kitchen bench or eating his lunch or his brother's lunch. Not that the lunches were made. Making the lunches was my first thing. For the kids, I've got a bad memory. Jam sandwiches, because we had no butter. We had to have jam. Fruit, because I've got to have fruit every day, which is a pest. And dip and bickies. Water bottles. Lunch boxes are broken. It's always a challenge, that's all. I didn't make myself lunch. I just grabbed some brown rice that I'd cooked and threw it in my bag and that's still in the fridge up there. Yeah, I had breakfast after. I'd sort of got all that under control. I didn't have any toast. I had a banana and a nectarine. Seven, I guess, depending on what day it is. Yesterday, I drove to Newmarket and I caught the bus. No, I got a seat, which was nice. No, I had a coffee. Said to fill up the water thing in the coffee machine and fiddle with that, because it's an LD one. Um, and I went down at ten past nine to get my spinach and feta roll. And then I went back upstairs straight to the AC's office to get the mail and found out, oh, I'm going out to lunch. Oh, well, I'll have to eat both now. Three A1s and three AOs, I think. Yeah, yeah, at least once a week. I only work part-time, so I left here at 12.46, I think. I remember things like that. Met Sam at 12.50. No, not the time. Yes, but we had to tell them to not bring our order out because they'd taken too long and Prima's on a time constraint. She works in the AC's office. She's only allowed 45 minutes. Yeah, they were great. Good, actually. It's a website. Just terrible reports. But we thought, oh, well, we want to go, so we'll go. It was really yummy. The, um... What's it called? Katsu Chicken Curry, I think. Something like that. That's it. It was great. Yes, a whole bunch of plastic things to display newspapers, magazines, books that attach to the existing slat walls. Um, yeah, just bits and pieces like that. About five o'clock. Yes, I caught the bus to Newmarket after talking to Vicky from CAD on the street corner for a while. Oh, no, they were made excellent. Always the way it is. But, yes, they were making... One was on the table already. The first one was probably ham and cheese, I guess, and onion, capsicum. There was two like that. Then the next one had lime juice on it, which was a bit interesting. And cheese and chilli. The last one was... Actually, the second one had banana and bacon on it, which is good. Banana, bacon and tomato sauce. The last one had sweet chilli sauce and ham. That was a bit... I didn't... I didn't fess that up. I said, oh, thanks, that was good. Not yet. Teenagers are busy. Don't know what we're going to do. Yes, way too late. No comment.