 Yesterday? Oh gosh, I had a really busy day yesterday because I had an ATA day. So I was starting from yesterday. Gosh, I've got to get a fascinator for my hair for the wedding. Well, I'd like to. So first of all, I'm getting the wedding ring made at a jewellers at Northlake. So jewellers called Underwoods at Northlake. So I went there and they said that to reduce the cost of the ring I'm getting made, if I could bring in all my old gold jewellery, they'll offset against the price. So I collected all my jewellery. So I went in there, I don't know, about 10 o'clock I suppose. And yeah, they weighed up all the gold and then she gave me a final price on how much the ring was going to cost. So I said, yeah, that's fine. So then she did up a little drawing of what the ring was going to look like. And we sort of agreed, yeah, this is what it's going to look like and blah, blah, blah. And then she gave me my receipts and then that was that. So then I had to go from Northlakes to Everton Park to go to Spotlight because I've been looking for fascinators, but I couldn't find one. So I've decided I'm going to try and make one. So I went to Spotlight and I had a look. I've sort of wanted some satin roses and a bit of tulle and some feathers and some beads and some crystals and that sort of stuff. So I went to Spotlight and they didn't really have anything very nice. They had some tiny little flowers which looked a bit sort of cheap and irky perky. So I didn't get those. I got some floristry wire and some floristry tape because I'm also doing the buttonholes and do the bouquets. And then I had a look at the materials because I wanted to get some tulle or some chiffon for a little shawl that I'm wearing for my dress. So I sort of walked around the material departments. I couldn't find any in the right colour. So then I went to Linkraft, which is another sort of like haberdashery craft store. They're over at Toombal, so they're all the way from Everton Park to Toombal. And while I was walking through the shopping centre to get to Linkraft, I stopped and bought an ice cream at McDonald's, you know, those 30 cent soft serve cones. I also had a look in a lot of little shops there to see if they had any like fascinators and headpieces. And some of the little shops had them, but there was nothing that I really liked. So then I ended up at Linkraft and again I was looking for sort of flowers and feathers and they had the same stuff they had at Spotlight. It was all tacky. It was all horrible. So I thought, no, yuck. So then I decided that I would make, I would just have flowers in my hair. I'm not going to buy a fascinator or make a fascinator. So then I got home probably about four o'clock and I took out some steak and we had, I had some steak and salad. Oh no, no, no. We had corned beef. That's right. We had corned beef because I'd cooked the corned beef the day before. So we had corned beef and salad and I did up a corned beef and salad for John. And then we had corned beef and salad and we watched, I don't know, we watched the news at about six o'clock. Then after the news, we watched a show called Rebus, which is like a Scottish detective show on UK TV. And I think after Rebus, I went to bed probably about 10 to nine and that was it. Probably about seven o'clock because I didn't have to go to work. So I had a bit of a sleep in. Yes, yes, I had. Yes, yes, yes. I think I did the dishes. I was going to do some washing, but I think it was raining. So no, I just did the dishes before I headed to the shop. Oh yeah, sorry. I had a share and I had breakfast. I had my usual cereal and yeah, but I didn't sort of do any work or anything. I just, probably about 25 minutes. No, I just went straight to Underwoods because I knew that's where I had to go and I knew that I had to go to Spotlight. So I just went straight to Underwoods and I was probably there about an hour. Yes, I did. Yep. Some rings that had belonged to my dad. I had a couple of chains that were broken. So I took those in. I had a bangle, a gold, I think it was only nine carat, which was had a split in it. So I took it in. So yeah, it's sort of a few odds and sods that I don't wear anymore. I have, yes. It's actually John's mum's engagement ring, but I'm having it remade. It's got three little spokes on it and three tiny little diamonds hanging off the spokes. So I had two extra diamonds of my own that were in pendants. So I'm having the diamonds taken out of the pendants and added to the ring. So instead of having three little spokes with three little diamonds, it's going to have the three little diamonds plus two bigger diamonds. So it's sort of like a spray of five diamonds on a little band, a little gold band. They said, I think about the 11th of May. So exciting. The wedding's on the 1st of June. It's about three weeks before the wedding. Yeah, I did because I haven't seen anything that I really like. So I thought I'll make it. My dress is champagne, sort of like a milk coffee colour. So I wanted the same colour in a rose, like a nice silk or satin rose, a good quality one. But they just said sort of like cheap, tacky, yucky, horrible. So I thought, no, I'll forget the fascinator and I'll just put some fresh flowers in my hair. Well, I've got some camellias growing in the garden and I'm hoping they're going to flower by June. And I've also got some purple and white lysianthus, which I'm hoping will flower too. I did a practice run about two weeks ago just to see how they would look and they look lovely. So yeah, just two, just myself and Anne's my bridesmaid. And I've got three buttonholes, one for John, one for the best man and one for my brother who's giving me away. At Everton Park? Yes. Yeah, at Lincraft at Toonville. Yes. Zilchimundo. No, I just had an ice cream. I bought two bananas because I was really hungry. I thought I'll buy those because then I won't want a pie or anything. And then after I felt like I wanted something really like naughty, like a Mars bar. And I thought, oh, okay, I'll just have a small soft serve ice cream. So I went to McDonald's and had an ice cream. I didn't know. I just had the two bananas and the ice cream. No, I don't think so. No, because I got home probably, I don't know, half past four, half past five. And then I think I just got changed, put my pyjamas on and my slippers and my dressing gown and sat in front of the telly till John got home. I was quite tired. It's quite exhausting going out shopping all day and not buying anything. Yep. Yep. Watching the news and A Current Affair. And then I think we watched Rebus. You asked me this last time talking about. We watched, no, it's not A Current Affair. It's Today's Night with Sharon Goodell on Channel 7. And one of the stories was, um, um, um, no. Rebus, um, what was Rebus about? Uh, that was, oh, some bloke got shot. He was, it's what they call six packing him. He gets shot in his ankles. He gets shot in his knees and he gets shot in his elbows and he's sort of like hanging out. It's not very nice. And he's sort of like hanging up. So he's only a young bloke. I think he was a drug dealer, but I sort of fell asleep. So I missed a bit of the plot, but I just remember him saying he's been six pack or six pack. Yeah. Yeah. It's six people. Yeah. When he gets shot in the knees, the L the ankles, the knees and the elbow. It's not very nice through all the joints. They must do that in Scotland. I don't know. Cause it's a Scottish show. Probably what they do in Scotland. I don't know. Yeah. And then I woke up and then went to bed and I think, I think John was still watching the television. No, I don't read before I go to bed. I told you that last time. I don't read. Okay. Oh, no comment. Okay. All of them. Right. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.