 Okay. Yesterday I woke up about, I usually get up about quarter past five and then I make myself a cup of coffee and then while the kettle's boiling I make my lunch and yesterday I had some corned beef and some salad and then I get a little tub of yogurt then I put my cereal together and milk in a little container, stick that in the fridge. Then I make my coffee and then I sit and watch the Today Show for about 10 minutes while I have my coffee and then I get up and I have my shower and I do my teeth and I do my hair and then I get dressed and I go back into the kitchen and I get my lunch out of the fridge and then I drive to the station and I usually catch the 17 minutes past six train. That gets me into Roma Street five, seven minutes to seven, then I start work at seven o'clock and I work in the Police Information Centre and we verify addresses and occurrences and things like that so I sort of, that's what I sort of do, verify addresses and I look on Queensland Atlas and MapInfo and verify all the addresses that way and then go through the QPRIME tasks and so that's what I do during the day and then I have my lunch break and I usually go for a walk up to King George Square in my lunch break. I usually take about half an hour, do the loop, so I walk up to King George Square, do the loop around the Brisbane Arcade, then come back and that takes about half an hour. Then I sort of start the afternoon again and then I finish about 25 past three and then I catch the 3.33 train home. It's been about five past four and then I drive from Bald Hill Station to home. I usually get home about half past four and then I hopped on the computer yesterday afternoon when I got home to find out that the internet wasn't working and then when John came home about six o'clock, I said, honey the internet's not working, I haven't been able to get any email and had a bit of a talk about that and he tried to fix it and he couldn't and then, I know before I did that, I put some lang shanks in the oven for dinner. They usually take about three or four hours so I put them into two separate pots. So we had four lang shanks, two lang shanks in each pot, so that was cooking while I was trying to get on the computer and get email and stuff. Then we watched some television and then we had chicken salad for dinner and then before I went to bed I took the lang shanks out of the oven because they were cooked and then I went to bed about nine o'clock, about nine. So do I, if I can't remember exactly what I said, will I be in trouble? No, no, I just wake up by myself. I don't have an alarm. I just, my body clock says it's time to get up. That's how I wake up. I open my eyes and I look at the clock and say, yep, it's time to get up. I haven't used an alarm for years. I haven't, no. Body clock just knows to wake up. Do, yeah, because that's the time and I can't go back to sleep. Once I'm away, I can't go back to sleep. I can't sleep in past the time that I've woken up. Up and straight out of bed, yes, yes, yes. The news, yeah, because I usually catch the end of the show that's on the before that finishes at 5.30 so I catch the end of that which is usually the weather and then I can get maybe 10 or 15 minutes of the Today Show which is the news. So about maybe 20 to 6 or whatever and then I'm up and showered and getting ready and dressed and now I have it at work. So I pack it all. I pack the cereal and the milk and then bring it all in a little pack that keeps it cool and stick it in the fridge once I get to work and then I usually have it about maybe eight o'clock or something. About 20 minutes drive station to Bald Hill Station. It's usually the same and I usually get a seat so it's not a major drama. Not too bad, no. About seven or eight minutes to seven and by the time I walk across the road I can get to work by maybe two or three minutes to seven so I start at seven. Yeah, just log on, check emails and then start work. I'll put my lunch in the fridge. Sometimes the kitchen's not open and we have to wait till maybe half past seven before we can get into the kitchen because it's closed because it's clean, they're cleaning it. I usually have my breakfast about eight. Yeah. So I have that sitting at my desk while I'm working. I just sort of, I have a bowl of cereal and some milk. I have, I always have Allbrand and Sultana brand mixed together. Yeah. Probably about 60, 60 tasks, yeah. About the same, yeah, about 60. It just depends. Some tasks sort of take longer because you've got to do a little bit more investigation and sometimes you have to ring council to get lot numbers and plan numbers. So sometimes the information's not there in Queensland Atlas and you can't verify it straight away and then you've got to ring the council and sometimes they can't talk to you, they've got to ring you back. So some tasks actually take longer than others. A couple, yeah, where you have to ring council to find lot and plan numbers. About 12 I stop, yeah. I eat my lunch at my desk while I'm working and then when I finish my lunch I go and brush my teeth and then I go for a walk for about half an hour. I do, yeah, go up through King George Square and then out through the Brisbane Arcade and then back. So that loop is about half an hour, it takes me about half an hour. I have a salad. I have corned beef. I think yesterday I had corned beef or I had chicken. I think I had corned beef salad yesterday. I usually have salad with either some corned beef or chicken or ham or something. Can you verify an address? Yeah, about 25 past three? No, no. It stops at all stations from Roma Street through Bald Hills. There isn't one, there isn't one that I can catch that will take, that will stop at Bald Hills. They do, they go, they stop I think at Petrie and then they go express from Petrie but they don't, they just go express straight through Bald Hills and tour Petrie. So there's no express trains unfortunately. Uh yeah, it is usually quite busy with school kids, yes, yes, yes, yes. But I always get a seat because it's empty by the time it gets to Roma Street which is great. If I got on at Central I could probably not get a seat but because I get on at Roma Street it's brilliant. I don't, I always like an aisle seat but a preference doesn't make any difference whether I go forwards or backwards as long as I'm sitting on the aisle because if you sit up against the window you get all squashed. I prefer the aisle seat. I did, yes. No, no. I just took them straight out of the plastic bags and I just did some stock with some oxo and a few tomatoes, some onions, a bit of bay leaf, salt and pepper and then covered them with foil and then put them in the oven and baked them for five hours or something. Sort of slowly so they're nice and tender. Yes, because I'm not technicological. That's John, he's a computer consultant so he knows all about that but he would have spent maybe half an hour and he couldn't fix it either so then he said he's got to ring today the internet provider which is Diggy I think. He's going to ring them and find out what what the problem is. He can get email on the computer but for some reason I can't get it. I don't know why and I can't get on my phone either so and I mean we're planning a wedding at the moment so I'm emailing photographers and caterers and so not having email is stressful. The first of June it is so it's a little bit stressful. We watch the news and then we watch the Channel 9 news. We watch and then at 6.30 we watch Today Tonight on Channel 7 and then we've got Foxtel so we usually watch something that we've recorded and I think we might have watched Midsummer Murders or Wallander or Rebus or one of those crime shows because we like those whodunit crime show type things. Today Tonight was terrible. Did you watch it? If I had long enough to think about it I could probably. Oh there were two children. Oh yeah they had like cranial facial disfigurements and I think one was about one was a boy about 12 the other one was a girl 18 and they just sort of went through how their lives how difficult their lives are because people treat them they get bullied because their faces are a little bit disfigured and it just sort of showed you how their lives are and how sad it is and that sort of yeah it that was one of the stories. I can't remember the other ones but yeah that was oh that's quite sad. We do we sit in front of the telly. No no we didn't have the lamb shanks I just cooked them we had chicken salad for dinner because the lamb shanks take so long if they weren't ready till about nine o'clock and that's too late for us to wait well for me to eat anyway so I ate about half past six and I had some chicken and salad. Yes the lamb shanks yes. About 9 30 yeah I don't read before I go to bed. Yeah just I usually fall asleep in front of the telly and that's it I get up and brush my teeth and go to bed so oh to all of them okay no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment what's the purpose of that