 Okay, I woke up in the morning and I felt awful, because I'd been feeling nauseous for the last couple of days. So I rang my boss about 10 to seven in the morning and said, I'm sorry, I won't be in, because I'd had Monday off as well. And he said, that's fine. I said, I just don't feel better. I said, hopefully I'll be in on Wednesday. Then I turned on the Foxtel. I think John was, I think, yeah, John had got up. He was awake by then. And I turned on, and we watched the morning show. And then, oh, that was right. It was all about the bombings in, oh, it was terrible. It was all about the bombings in Boston. So we watched that for a good couple of hours. Yeah, I think they, yeah, they were just telling us what happened and how it happened and how many people were injured. And I sort of went on and on about that. And I think that that didn't finish till, I don't know, about half past 10. Because I think normally the morning show finishes about nine or something, but it didn't finish till 11. So they went on and on. And then when that finished, I watched a couple of movies that we recorded. One of them was up at the Villa. And Kristen Scott Thomas was in that. And Derek Jacoby and Sean Penn, I think. And that was about some English bird that didn't have any money. And she was gonna marry this really rich guy, James Fox, I think it was. And then she ended up killing some bloke that she'd slept with. And then she couldn't, and then she asked Sean Penn to help her hide the body and all that sort of stuff. And then the English guy came back and said, do you still wanna marry me? And she said, yes, but I need to tell you what I've done. I've killed this bloke and blah, blah, blah. And then he said, oh, yes, well, I'll still marry you, but we won't have the same job. I won't have the same job. And then she thought, oh, I don't wanna marry him. He's not gonna have any money. So then she said, no, she didn't wanna marry him. You're not writing anything. Okay. And so she ended up not marrying him. Then she left Italy and then she hopped on a train. Then she saw Sean Penn on the train. So then they went off together to Paris or wherever they went. So that was that movie. And then I would have watched another couple of movies. And you're gonna, so that was up at the Villa. Oh, what else did I watch? I can't, I honestly can't remember. So I'll just make something up if that's all right. I'll just tell you about a movie that I have seen that I didn't, I don't think I watched yesterday. Miss Marple, I saw a Miss Marple, one with Geraldine McKeown, Mick, something or other. It was called The Moving Finger. It was about this guy that was on a motorcycle. He'd been drinking and he obviously wanted to end his life. So he drove the motorcycle really quickly, really fast and ended up crashing it. And I think the reason that the movie was called The Moving Finger, because as he was lying sort of sprawled out on the ground, he looked like he was dead. His finger moved, so obviously he was still alive. So he and his sister went to live in this little English village. And then all these people started to receive these really weird letters saying that, you know, they're doing really bad things like killing people. And all the letters were made out of cuttings from newspapers, like all the, some bloke was cutting out A's and B's and putting all this stuff together on a bit of paper and sending all these letters off. And it sort of happened that there wasn't, there was no sort of truth to any of the letters. There was just some guy being malicious. And the main reason that they were all being sent out was because somebody was trying to kill somebody else. And he ended up killing somebody. And Miss Marple, as always, found out who it was. And she sort of worked that out. And that was sort of that. And then the culprit went off to jail and that was that. So then I watched more movies. And I remember, I think I had a cup of soup for lunch. And then I think we had pizza for dinner. I'd taken a pizza out of the freezer, thawed that out. And then we probably ate dinner about half past five. I think John had, I had about two slices of pizza because I wasn't really hungry. John ate the majority of it. Then we sort of watched the news. We watched a current affair. And I know you're gonna ask me what was on a current affair. And I think it was about a bloke driving one of those wheelie bike things. And he got, I don't know, he's been done for drunk driving heaps of times and he's still driving his wheelie bike thing. So, and then I don't think I watched any more television because I think I was pretty tired and I went to bed early. Probably, I don't know, about half past eight, nine o'clock. And then I think John still stayed awake. So that was it. I did watch more movies, but I can't remember. No, I don't set my alarm. No, I just wake up when, just wake up at my normal time. Yeah, yes there was. Yep, Brett, my boss, because I rang my boss. I rang Brett's direct line and spoke directly to him. I was feeling a bit better, but I still wasn't feeling 100%. And I thought, no, I won't go in. I didn't know whether I'd sort of had anything that might be contagious. So I thought, no, I won't go in. So I did. I did, I had some cereal. I had my All Brown. I can't remember what time. It wasn't when I woke up, it might have been about half past eight or something. I had a cup of coffee, yep. Yes, I do, yep, Nescafe or whatever it is. Yes, it was. The majority of the whole show was about the Boston bombings. They had other sort of articles on as well, but I think the majority of the show was about the Boston bombings, yeah. No, just when I turned on the television, yeah. And it was there, it was, yeah, it was, oh, it's terrible. He works at home, so he just, he actually goes downstairs to work. Because underneath the house, the garage is all set up in his computer workshop. So he actually just goes downstairs to work. So he went down about half past eight or something. Doesn't really do a good job at taking care of me, but anyway, yeah. Yeah, with a dinner over me and, hmm. No, I didn't get any popcorn out, no, no, no, no. Yes, yeah, it was actually, it's a Somerset, was based on a Somerset Mourn book. So it was just more of a drama than really a thriller. It wasn't overly exciting. It was okay, but yeah. Miss Marple, yeah, and Agatha Christie. She's a character, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah. I've seen lots of Miss Marple movies. Yes, they were, yep. We do, we have quite a few movies and other shows that we record, and then we just watch them when we feel like it. No, once we've seen a movie, we get rid of them. Chicken and noodle. I did, I did. I made it in the kitchen and then got my spoon and put it in the cup and then sat back down on the couch. Was it? No, no, I would have checked my email in the morning and then I might've checked it maybe two or three times in the afternoon, but I don't play games on my phone or anything. Yes, it was pepperoni. And then I just added some extra cheese and some onion and some capsicum and a bit more salami. Yes, yes, yes, yes. I think it was, yeah. I think it was an extended version of the news too. Went for another half an hour or something. I did sleep well, yes. I think because I was tired and I'm still tired. I think because I was tired. Yeah, I did sleep well. Right, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.