 Yesterday I got up at four in the morning, made myself a cup of tea, boring routine, made myself a cup of tea, checked my emails and got ready to go rowing. So I packed my bag to have a shower at the shed after rowing so that I can go straight to work. That saves me quite a bit of time so I leave the shed and I go straight to Narang train station. But I was also staying the night in Brisbane so I had to pack my bag for tomorrow, sorry for the next day's work loads as well, not only Tuesday's work loads but Wednesday's work loads so I had to be more organised, I should have done it the night before. So I left home to go to the shed about 5.30pm, my rowing session starts at 5.30pm and we finished at around I think it was about 7.10pm. Then I had a shower at the shed and drove to Narang train station, caught the train and got to work a bit after 9 o'clock. What did I do yesterday? We've got a new person started as project officer so I went through a few things with her in the morning before I had a couple of meetings in the morning but prior to going to the meeting, some preparatory work so I read a few documents and edited them, checked my emails at work and went to my meeting and got back. At lunchtime I met a friend who was my previous project manager. We from time to time to catch up we actually do trips so we catch a train to Central, catch up while we're doing that we go to Central and then we walk back so we have some incidental exercise as well and in the meantime we talk about our projects and catch up on work as well as our personal lives. And that just takes a quick 20-25 minute that we do from time to time and it's a really nice walk as well. By afternoon I had a workshop, it was gathering a requirement so it's a technical workshop and there's a few of these workshops coming up for this project so I got together the business, facilitated the workshop to gather the requirements for the infrastructure that we're building for them in terms of how much capacity do they need, what sort of software do they need, how is the software being used, putting a budget together of software as well for presentation to the board. I think I got, what did I do today, ah I stayed over at my partner's place so we went out to, I got there, I was waiting for his son who was finishing up some of his assignments so I did a bit of reading for work and edited some more document as well and then we went to the local pub and had a really lovely meal, really nice meal, half price on a Tuesday night. I had a really lovely pasta, it was a seafood pasta which is my favourite, I probably mentioned that last time and they had steak. Yeah. Yes I did, yes. Probably about 15 minutes. Driving probably takes me about 3 minutes round the corner and even then I'm always late. I did. Yesterday we rode in a quad, 4 of us and I was sat in the third seat which is very close to the stroke. Other mornings we can do all sorts, we can do 8 which is sweep oar where you only have one oar. In all the other rowing activities it's called sculling where if you're single sculling you have 2 blades or 2 oars, if you're double sculling you have again 2 oars so there's 1, 2, 4 or 8. Not really, it depends on who turns up and most of the time if you're not turning up you have to let the coach know I'm not turning up so if they have 6 people they might say okay you're in a quad and you're in a double or if they have an odd number of, if it's 8 it's great, if it's 4 it's fantastic but other times they might have to split it into 2 different boats. There was, let me see now, there were 10 of us so there was 2 quads and 2 singles went out. I love, because there are certain times where, sorry there's long periods of times where you don't get an opportunity to do 8 say for instance. So I've done lots of singles because at the moment we're training for a 21k row so you do that in a single so I've been doing a lot of that and I've been doing quite a bit of quad racing but on the Sunday we did 8 for the first time, we hadn't done it for months and months and I was terrible, terrible but it takes practice of course but I really love 8, I think it's great. Yeah, yeah they could have but with an 8 you also need a cock and I actually rowed for a bit and then I swapped, I stayed over, sorry for my level of rowing I rowed the 8 and then they had the lower level which is the learn to rows and I stayed and I cocked so I sat in the cock seat and I steered and I shouted out instructions so I really love that as well, I'd love to learn to do that more which is what's planned for me. Quite a lot during the summer period, I've only been rowing for a year, I've been involved in about 5 regattas I think, so quite a lot. So over the winter break there's the hiatus and then it starts again probably around November. When I moved in 2 years ago to Chevron Island I went for a walk because I had to look for a sofa bed, my family was coming over and I live in a one bedroom unit and needed a sofa bed and I went past this sandwich board that said learn to row and I thought I've always wanted to do that, I put the number in my phone and thought I'll have to ring them up. It took me, I was so busy, it took me ages, it took me months and months and then I phoned them up and they said yeah come down we've got a learn to row starting very soon, you know this weekend or after Easter or something like that. So it's a year ago and I've never looked back since, I wish that I'd rung them earlier, it's good exercise. No I read work papers, yeah I reviewed a lot of documents. It was, yes, yes it was their first day yesterday. Yes she's had a handover but there's certain things, because it was a short handover she just needed clarification on a number of things. I had two in the morning and I had a workshop in the afternoon. No I met my friend for dinner, yeah for dinner, so it was after work so I left work probably about five, I walked to the bus stop over in Adelaide Street and I jumped on the bus and it took me probably about half an hour to get to the destination. Yes, yes I have, no not long at all considering that it was half price night and there was a number of people there so we probably waited maybe 20 minutes at the most, yeah, yes very busy. I had scallops and prawns, yeah, no I think we were there probably about an hour and a half maybe at the most and then went back home. Because I had a long day I got up at 4.30pm, there was no way I was going to stay at the Watched a bit of, you know, rubbish TV and then off to bed. That was 10.