 When I woke up I made myself a cup of tea, like I normally do, and go online, check my emails early in the morning. I get up about 30 in the morning normally. And I tidied up the kitchen a little bit and then I got ready, running gear on for a run down the beach. And when I got back I had a shower and drove to the train station, got on the train, sat on there for about an hour to get to work. More? Okay, oh jeez, I can't remember and it was just yesterday. I think I had several meetings in the morning, so as soon as, yes I remember now, as soon as I got in, two, three meetings in the morning, meetings, so lunchtime from there on, yep. Then I checked my emails and met a friend for lunch. Walked into the city, we actually worked near the Botanicans, so we met halfway in the mall and we had lunch. We used to work many years in the alley. Ah, I left about 5.30, so I am working on a project, so there's a lot of things to be done, strategies to be written. So in the afternoon I spent most of that at my desk. We have a lot of huddle meetings in between. Yeah, I finished off, you know, progressing one of the strategies I was working on, as well as a number of, a lot of desk. Okay, so I got on the train, drove to the local supermarket because I had to pick up some groceries, so I went in there for a few things and my intention was to get three things and I normally come out with more. So, got home, made myself some dinner of chicken, pesto and asparagus, that, and put some telly on. And I think I had some recordings from the weekend that I watched, so I just lazed on the couch for the rest of the evening watching telly. Yes, I use my mobile phone as an alarm every day. I normally wake up between quarter past... Oh, I snooze many times. Yeah, yesterday I probably snoozed once. I was really proud of myself, but a lot of times I probably snooze about three times before I get up. Yeah, that's why I put it, I put a little bit earlier so that I know by the time I get up I'm not, I'm not that late. Yeah, have my cup of tea. That's what I do to wake up. I can't, I'm not a person that just puts their clothes on and goes out the door. I can't do that. So, I, you know, do a bit of housework, tidy up. I am a morning person, so I do a lot of my, my housework and exercise before work because after work I'm just dead. Yes. No, not yesterday. It was a bit dull yesterday. I live on the Gold Coast, so I've got a lot of different route, but it was a little bit, it was nice weather to run. Yes, I went on a normal route that took, it's 6k route, so I've got different routes mapped out. No, because I'm training for a half marathon, I have a program, so I have long easy runs or running at race pace, or I might have intervals. I might have hill work. Lots of different programs. Yesterday was just easy running pace where I could still have a conversation. That's what the program says, you know, you should be able to speak to your partner. Even though I'm a, I, I most of the time run by myself. I do have a running partner, but I do that on the weekend. So, it's a conversation running pace. But this morning was a little bit harder than that. So, I, if I was running with someone, I wouldn't have been able to talk to them this morning. This morning was a 50 minute run. No, I am, I, I probably run about four, I'm aiming for four to five runs a week for, I think, but because I row as well, I can't. So, I row about three, 7th of July, I think if that's the Sunday, for 16 weeks, including this week. I should have started in December, but I started a bit late. Yes, yes, shower, get ready, drive to the station, park my car at the station and sit on the train. No, not generally. I, I either do my work on the train, so I've got my laptop with me or I read work documents or I'm on my iPad. Yesterday I was on my iPad. Yep. I was doing some banking and bills. Yeah, always is, always. Because my station is the third one down, I, um, invariably always get a seat. But after my, some people, especially if, you know, uni students, school children, standing room. Yesterday I got in to nine. Yes. They started at nine o'clock, probably. It wasn't twelve, it was about twenty. Yeah. Way, way past. Yes. We went to Jojo's in the mall. I had pasta, because I'm such a pasta girl. I had seafood, seafood pasta. Yeah. They say, you know, I read articles say that we shouldn't eat too much pasta and rice. I'm not a big bread, I'm not a big bread girl. I would never be able to. So I don't need the carbs. Yes. I never give myself too much time to wait. I'm normally running out the door and running across the road and up the escalators. So I would have waited probably about three, four minutes on my train. No, it was just a quick walk. I had about four minutes, which is heat, to get from my seat to the train platform. No, my car's parked at the train station. So I jump in my car and it's probably about ten minute drive. It's actually fifteen minutes to my home, but the supermarket is ten minutes. So I would have been there, 20 minutes to half an hour getting my groceries, car another five minutes. No, no, I got a bit more than that. A few more. My intention was to make some, to bake something last night for a leaving morning tea this morning. So I thought, oh, I'll get some bread, make a little antipasto, which worked out really well. I was going to make that because I was lying on the couch. There's no chocolate brownies. I watched a recording of Modern Family. I don't normally like American sitcom, but I've recently been introduced to that. And I think it's quite funny. And I like UK, like British TV programs. So I had some recordings of, if you aren't familiar with it, Coronation Street's been on for years and years. So I had a recording of that and I watched that. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.