 Okay, I woke up the same time at about, I think it was about 4.30 yesterday and I didn't go for a run or anything so I just took my time getting ready. So I made a cup of tea, sat down at kitchen bench, went through my emails, paid some bills online, checked that some other bills that I'd paid had gone through. So yeah, did a few things on there. Did a bit of work on my laptop so I had a few things that I had to prepare for the morning. I think there was a couple of meetings I had to go to so I just had to read a few documents and prepare a few things. Then I had a shower and put my washing away, folded my washing because I did some washing the night before. I tend to do all my jobs in the morning because I have no energy at night. So did that, put some more washing on, put that on the line and got ready and drove to the train station, left my car there and caught the train. I think, what did I do? Oh that's right, I was looking online, used my iPad while I was on the train to do a couple of things to check out some accommodation in Tasmania because I'm going to Tasmania in October, end of October. And also went online to look up some flight because I'm planning on going South America at the end of the year. And put my iPad away and went to sleep for about half an hour on the train and then I got to work. I had a few meetings in the morning. I've got a big benefits plan that I'm working on as well so I've spent most of the rest of the day doing that. But at lunchtime I went for a run with a colleague because I mentioned that I can't get past 8km at the moment. So he said the day before, he said I'll bring your gear in and we'll go for a run. So we went for a run, 10km run and so I went beyond 8km. So that was really good. Took a while too. I can't run during the day or at the end of the day. I'm normally an exerciser in the morning so it took me ages to cool down after that. So most of the day after the run I just spent finalising my benefits plan and the diagram. It was taking quite a while. I had to ask our subject matter expert to extract a lot of statistics for me so I spent the afternoon analysing the stats as well for this document. And at the end of the day I got back on the train again, played around with my iPad on the train. I think I met a train friend. We had a chat as well on the way home. Went home and made some salmon and salad for my dinner and laid on the couch and watched telly and fell asleep. So you wake up early? Yes, because I was going at lunchtime. So you wake up early? Yes, I do. That's the routine I don't tend to sleep in. But the thing is, the earlier I wake up, it gives me more time than I look around and I do jobs which still gives me... I don't leave for work earlier because I'm still doing things around the house. So was there a lot of people? Yes, there was quite a few actually. There was some from the rowing club, there was a couple from my sister to ask me about the accommodation in Tasmania and also a friend telling me about some accommodation because we don't know whether to book hotel rooms or share houses. So a few of those emails were coming through. And you're sitting around? Yes, I do. And on the train as well. No, I didn't. 15 minutes? Yes, it takes about an hour and 15, hour and 10, hour and 15. We've already booked three hotel rooms. A friend of mine worked for an accommodation organisation so she gets staff rate. So she's booked three rooms and I've almost pinpointed to a house that has four or five bedrooms that we might book that. Only for four nights, that's all. Some people may only go for the weekend so there's no pressure for them to stay for the entire four nights. Yes, it was only supposed to be maybe four or five people but I sent an email out saying, this is the plan, if you feel like coming, you're really welcome. So there's probably going to be family and friends. Because I'm going away overseas they said, so what are we going to do before you go away? I was going away for my birthday and they said, but what about us? When are we going to celebrate? So that's what the Tasmanian trips were. Going away. Yes, that's right. I like it. So South of... Yes, I've taken three months off and so a minimum of two months. But if I take the three, that's fine. I've got a lot of leave so I might even extend that if I decide that I wanted to stay longer. Yes, no, moving around quite a bit. So I'll just grab my backpack and I'll get accommodation when I get there. Maybe I'll get accommodation in my first destination. So at the moment I'd like to go to Venezuela is not a high priority but Peru definitely, Bolivia, Brazil and Argentina. No, it's on my own. Yes, this is something that I wanted to do for a long while. Other people kept saying, oh, if I can come, I'd come with you. I said, well, if you want to come, you can come. But yes, I've always wanted to do this. Yes. I got to work at about 10 to 8 at 9 o'clock. I did. I had two meetings, two long ones and one just short. It's a weekly get together which only takes 20 minutes to half an hour. Project update meeting. I did struggle because he said to me, right, if he didn't... I don't know. Maybe if he didn't say something, I wouldn't have known where we're up to. But he said to me at one point, right, we're at the 7K mark. And I started thinking, oh, that means another K and that's that's my 8K done, you know. But it was really hot too. And I think I struggled maybe in the last K. So I didn't do too badly. And the pace was a good pace because he's really fit. But he didn't he didn't run too quickly. At one point I was running too quickly. And he said, you know, slow down, slow, come back. You don't need to. It's about endurance and not about speed. So that's good. I have 8K is my longest one at the moment. So I wanted to extend my longest run. I have several routes that I've mapped out. So I have ones that are very hilly. I've got 6K, 4K, 8K, 7K. So if I wanted to add the two together, I know which which routes to make a course. Yeah, I went and got some food and just ate at my desk and carried on working. I went and got a sandwich from MYO. I love them. And it was a big dog sandwich. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Still working on that. So I've got to go back and finish that now. I left at 530. What was I doing that afternoon? Yes, I did continue to look at flight. But I also played Scrabble. I have a Scrabble friend that we we alternate. So I think it's words for friends or something like that. Yeah, it's really good. Yeah. I watched a UK soapy that I like. It's called Coronation Street. So I watched that and I watched probably about half an hour of Mrs. Brown's Boys and then I fell asleep. I think by the time I started watching telly, it would have been 8 o'clock because I went to visit a friend on the way home. Had a chat with her, made dinner. So 8 o'clock. I reckon by 9 o'clock I would have fallen asleep. Okay, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment at all. Thank you.