 My day starts at about six o'clock when I get up and have a shower, followed by one child and then another. Then I get dressed and I do the first child's hair. Her hair is to her waist, so it takes a little time to do it in a plait for school. And then I do the second child's hair, same procedure. The first child and I then drive to work and school. She has sporting commitments, so she usually starts at 7.30 and from there I come to work. And I can usually, depending on the time, either start at 7.30 or if it's a really bad day, start at 8 and then I work. Yesterday I finished at 4, picked up that same first child from school and we had a physio appointment because she's overstretched some tendons in her arm and also been bruised quite badly during soccer. And then on the same spot a hockey ball got her, so she's in a bit of pain with her leg. After physio I picked up the second child and we went out for dinner to the local RSL. During the day I worked on numerous files that were quite demanding and as I have only another week left in that office there's a fair amount of pressure to try and finish everything that I have left in that time. Or perhaps they're not pressure but I really want to get it done so I don't leave anything outstanding. My second child manages to get herself to school. She catches the bus because she's at the local school, not at school in the city. And that takes a lot of pressure off me. I only have to do her hair and get her lunch organised. She gets herself home and she puts dinner in the oven usually, although not last night. That also takes a lot of pressure off me, that dinner's usually underway. She'll also put on a load of washing, so she's a little angel. How's my time coming? I've been woken up to One Direction that Evie has on her iPhone. One Direction? Yes. No, it doesn't work unless we get straight up and quite disciplined about the order also. No, that's done the night before. On the weekend I had previously made quiches, so that goes from the freezer to the lunchbox along with fruit. Some crackers, cheese and there was also a pasta salad that I'd made, so that's packed up and ready to go. Charlotte and I do, Evie doesn't usually eat breakfast. She says it makes her feel sick when she's playing sport. None at all. Cereal we had on flakes, so it's out of their way for school, regular flakes. It probably takes about ten minutes by the time I brush all the knots out. I'm very quick at plaiting though. Yeah. It's quicker. Quarter to seven? Yes. About half past seven if the traffic's flowing, we might get there a little bit earlier. Yes. Ten minutes? No. Eight o'clock? Usually, but not yesterday. I didn't actually get to my coffee, my morning coffee until lunchtime. Things just came up and came up. Yes. Yesterday I was assessing how much I had left and I think I probably have about eight, so I was reading them and putting them in a priority list. No. Yes. No, I'm actually relieving, so whoever I'm relieving, and I'm not sure who that is, will be coming back. Twelve-thirty? I have my lunches made in the freezer. Tuna pasta bake? Yes. No, when I have a big cooking session on a Sunday, I make my lunches and freeze them and then I bring them to work so I don't have to worry about lunch. Yes. Half an hour? Yes. So I went and picked up Evie from school? Yes. Yes, actually. They were running late. Twenty minutes, actually. Which was unusually long for them because they're normally on time. No. They don't get outside. No, just sit there and watch the television. The news, I think, was on? No, she gets herself home. So we went and picked her up from home. Yes. Half an hour? Roast. Evie had chicken and Charlotte and I had roast pork. Yes. But the RSL. We eat and run. I was reading some of James Herriot. I've read it before, I just like reading different bits and pieces of it. Oh, one? Nine? Yes, I'm getting the washing out and ironing. Yes. Oh, so the USB was made earlier? Yes. It was one an older version of the A constructed. It was the old way? Yes. Where do you consider complementary? Are the services the same or are they two different things? Well, both of them are the same, yes. Which sounds amazing. Yes. So, absolutely the same, all the same. Or from when I got my cellphone... I get the Aurora joined rims around the Ariel drapery from my early days and did a little cool days for长安 rodeo with the chicks from the Grade. From there up to any of the RSL on the regions for you would get these devices three years old. Three years old, okay.