 I came to work and I worked on a number of files that I'm trying to finish before I leave. I picked up my daughter from crick, then went home and got dinner organised, did the washing, then I had to help her with an assignment on The Crucible by Arthur Miller. I corrected her draft for English and had to find a number of quotes that she has to slot in so that it illustrates her point in her essay. Then I went to bed about 10 o'clock because I couldn't think anymore. I got up at six o'clock, had a shower and got dressed, got one child up and then the next, did both children's hair, got them breakfast, got them lunch, bundled them into the car, dropped one off at school, drove into the city, dropped another one off at school and then drove to the car park, the early bird car park across at the transit centre and came to work. Yes, One Direction was playing Corn Flake, the usual. Takes about 45 minutes and there's heavy traffic most of the way. If I'm very lucky, the parking attendant will wave me into the park that early bird parkers don't normally get and I'll park on the ground level near where you pay your ticket. I look out for him because it means I don't have to drive up three floors. Yes. No, that's a new system. The old system was they'd send you vouchers. So you put your ticket in and then the voucher and brings it down from 20 to $15. But I've only got one more day left and I don't have any more vouchers for tomorrow. They did send me the new scheme and you have to pay online beforehand and then you get some sort of pin. I don't know whether I'd be bothered tonight doing that. Mmm. Oh, I didn't know that. But it's only going to affect me one day. Mmm. Yes, I've got 10 days. I'm getting new glasses. The children are getting flu shots that they don't know about. So that's going to be fun. And we'll probably go to the beach, Monville, play at Maroon Dam. Yes, I have. Last week, I thought the kids also get it because they tend to get sick every winter and I don't because I get the flu shot, but they're not going to go peacefully. No, both. Noose is my favourite beat, but I like Cura as well. And Cura's I thought I had, but they've been rejected. So I'm currently working on them again. I've got realistically, I'm only going to finish two. I had four that I wanted to finish, but that's not bad. So I won't be beating myself up about that. And the great benefit of working in my current office is they're all secure files. You can't take them, which is wonderful. So I haven't taken any work home for the last two months. It is such a, it's a word, not relief, but freedom. Tuna Mornay. No, I have a big cook up on the weekend and freeze my lunches and then bring them to work so I don't have to worry. No, it's mixed up with some pasta about five o'clock. About quarter past five over at State High, she had a match on. She was the only girl that was invited to play. It was the first 11s against the future 11s and she was the wicked future 11s. Yes, yes, she is. They did. She's sporting two massive bruises on her leg from cricket balls. Leonard's chicken and vegetables. Sorry, I'm tired. I can visualize them. The words just not coming to me. Puff pastries. Wellingtons. Chicken Wellingtons. No, that's already done for you. After dinner, I did the dishes and the washing, brought it in, packed it out. And then I started on her work. She was working on the computer and I took over and she went to bed. I did the editing and make some suggestions. It's probably why I'm so tired today. I didn't get to bed till about 1030. No, that was a draft. They hand in drafts, get them corrected and then get the opportunity to hand them in. Does the draft they're not so strict on, but the final will be. She'll have to bring it in to 10% or whatever the word limit is. I don't know what that is. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. I just fall asleep when I'm going to get coffee on my way back.