 What did I do? Starting from the morning, I woke up, I had a shower, then I went and made the kids lunches. I ate breakfast at the same time, yes I can do two things at once. And then I rode to work. It was very cold, so I was absolutely freezing, the wind was going straight through me. So I started work at 7 o'clock, but I got in about, I would have been about, I got a coffee on the way to work, about quarter to seven by the time I got in. I ironed some clothes, I dressed into my uniform, worked until five o'clock and then I went home. I caught a train home. When I got home, we had dinner. My wife was cooking dinner, so I cleaned up after dinner. Pretty exciting so far, Danielle. And so after dinner, I cleaned up, you know, talked, helped the kids with their homework, whatever. Just had a bit of a talk as a family, a bit of a laugh, and then went down, I think might have responded to a few emails, and went down and watched about half an hour of TV and then we were suddenly disturbed, my wife and I, by a loud screening. And we ignored it at first because our son always sort of yells at us. We just ignore him, like the boy who cried wolf, but he kept persisting and his voice was getting louder and louder. And we said, what do you want? And he said, the washing machine is overflowing. So we turned around and there was about an inch of water on the laundry floor where the washing machine waste water pipe had come out of the laundry tub. So, yeah, so we spent about probably 45 minutes cleaning that up, wading through the water and brushing it outside. And I mopped the floors and by the time that was done, you know, I was ready for bed. At some stage I'd had a shower in there, but it might have been just before I went down to the TV. So that was quite eventful. And I think I got the kids' lunches ready, much as I do on a night before, and got my uniform ready and my clothes and I went to bed. And that was my day. Maybe probably nine o'clock, quarter to five. Pretty much work seven to five, three 10-hour shifts and one eight-hour shift per week with Wednesdays off. Yes, no, there's a bit of a delay. Yeah, the girls with three kids, the two girls have chicken, pressed chicken and sliced cheese sandwiches and my son has luncheon with tomato sauce. So I made some sandwiches the night before. I'd already made arrowroot with Vegemite and some jam roll and some fruit and some chips, a pack of chips. And yeah, that's basically it. Yes, indeed. I had some Vegemite. I have to leave home. This is a very, very specific questions here, Daniel. I have to leave home by 6.45. Normally I leave at 6.40am to catch the 6.58 train. I start work at seven. So I get in to Roman Street at 6.30, get a coffee on the way to work. So 5.45, I'll beg your pardon, 5.45, I've got to leave by 5.45 at the very latest. I get in at 6.30, that's right. I only ride to the train station. Yeah. Bike locker, yes. No, no, no, I went to Alan's Espresso up at George Street. I work about quarter to seven now. It was. It's very busy at the moment. We're doing some restructure amendments, the OPM, and I'm also doing some preparing the coronial responses to, sorry, preparing QPS responses to coronial recommendations. Yes, I do. It's always been busy. Yeah. No meetings, no. Certainly, yep, yep. Not on a daily basis. I don't have a lot of time for meetings because most of them don't achieve much. That's just my opinion. No, I had some leftover dinner from the night before. Good question. It was a Jamie Oliver 15-minute meal. Going through the whole book at the moment and ticking off which ones we like and which ones we don't. But they don't actually take 15 minutes, Danielle. They take about half an hour and there's about a 45-minute clean-up, I'll tell you. Probably, because he's got everything ready to go. Yeah, so it's a myth. It doesn't take 15 minutes. It certainly takes a 45-minute clean-up. Yeah, yeah, it was good. It's a keeper. It's a keeper. Everyone votes at the end of the meal, the show of hands, whether it's a keeper or not. Mmm. The meat was a little bit tough, but that wasn't, that's not Jamie's fault. I think this got the majority, so there's five, I think it got three out of five passes. We had one last night. I can't remember what it was now. It was, what do they call it? Honey lamb. He calls them different names, but basically it's just like a honey lamb dish with boiled rice, veggies and like a curry sauce. So that got all, yeah, that was unanimous, that one. Yes, I did. Yep, that's right. I've got to catch the, I think it's about, I don't know, eight past five or something. Six past five, trying. Um, um, um, um, I've got to remember now. I think my son was doing history and the youngest was doing, you know, she does sentences as part of, she has to use certain words within a sentence, so to help her out with sentence construction and that sort of thing. Um, I think we were watching that hoarder show. There's a couple around, I think at the moment there. Oh, a couple of minutes. Go for a couple of minutes? Yes. Yeah. Well, as I said, that's how he normally, he normally yells out, mum, dad. So you just ignore him because it ends up being nothing in particular. So, yeah, unfortunately we ignored him for a couple of minutes and yeah, it's probably added another 10 mil to the fix. I think so, yeah. No, no, fortunately the lounge where we were, it sort of dropped down about two inches into the laundry. So, um, had not reached any carp, so yeah, and it'll go straight out to the back door. So we're able to brush it out the back door. That was good. Yep. Okay. Nia commentaires, nios commentaris...