 Okay, no that's alright. So it's recording now. Okay, I woke up quite early and I made the kids lunches for school like I normally do on a weekday morning. Are you testing me now? Then I drove my eldest son, I have three kids, drove my eldest son to school. After that I met a friend for coffee at about eight o'clock in the morning and then at nine o'clock I went home. I think I made a few phone calls. We tidied the house because we were cleaners coming today so I had to make sure the house was in reasonable condition so we're not too embarrassed. Then my wife and I went out for lunch at Garden City Shopping Centre and then after lunch we came home and, oh sorry, we went out to lunch then we went to the Telstra mobile phone shop to look at some new mobile phones because our current contracts are about to expire in a week's time and then we went to Target, Target we like to call it, at Mount Gravatt where we picked up a lay-by and did some a little bit more shopping. Then we went home feeling very weary from the previous day because I'd worked 13-hour day so a little lie down. I don't like to admit that actually but a little lie down for less than an hour and then I went to my father-in-law's and got the trailer and my wife and I loaded up the trailer with some cuttings from the, I did some pruning on the weekend so we put the cuttings in the trailer and I loaded them up and took them to the dump and am I going right through until I went to bed. Okay then after the dump we had, oh what did I do, we just talked and the kids came out. They'd been home from school so talked about their day and then we prepared for dinner and had dinner and then after dinner I think I watched the news and then I did some work on the computer and I was trying to work out how to block, turn the kids, how can I say that, put filtering access control on the router for the kids iPods because yeah it's a little bit out of control so I was just trying to put some sort of control on it. So I was trying to work that out for a long time and then eventually I think about quarter to nine I got ready, got the kids' lunches to the ready as much as I normally do on the night before and packed my bag for work and then I got to chat to my wife and before I knew it it was about 9 30 and I was very tired and I went to bed. That was my day, it's pretty exciting stuff isn't it? Probably five o'clock, no by my body clock probably 30 minutes. Oh I didn't mention breakfast did I? No I didn't actually, I forgot. I did, I did but I had breakfast later at eight o'clock when I had coffee with a friend. I just had one piece of raisin toast actually. Yes. I don't know maybe 45 minutes something like that. Yes it was. I made a few phone calls in the intervening period while we drove there. So did you want to know how long the trip, the driving, the car trip was? Okay all right, a bit pedantic. Oh it only takes about 10 minutes. No because we've got a car, more convenient, quicker and it's better for bad weather. So we took the car. There was some showers actually. Yes there was indeed. We had a grilled burger. I don't know whether you've heard of grilled. It's quite nice, it's not cheap. Yeah I had a lamb, what was it called? Wasn't it a bar bar burger? That's my wife had a bar bar burger. But I had another lamb burger. Goat cheese and what else did they have on it? Or another key ingredient whatever. Yeah it was very nice. No. Discussed plans. Still looking, still looking. Just discussed plans and just compared them because at the moment we're with Optus. So we're just considering whether to switch over to Telstra. Garden City to Mount Gravatt only takes about less than 10 minutes. Yep lay by and just bought a couple of other things for the girls. That Leanne's mother wanted to get them a present for Easter I think. Yep it was a very full load. In fact my wife was very distressed because she said we may have to do two loads. I said she'd be right. We used it all in, jumped on top, kept jumping on top. So believe it or not it ended up weighing about 180 kilos or something. It's just clipping. So I just scrammed them all in but I won't comment on that. Expriminate myself. About an insecure load. Yes what did we have for dinner? A chicken curry and rice. Well actually my wife cooked it. I just sort of hovered around and you know helped set the table and cleaned up afterwards. Whoever cooks doesn't have to clean up. Yeah a very equitable arrangement. Yes what have been at least 9.30? Yep I didn't actually read a book last night from memory. Yep no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Fairly exciting individual aren't they?