 Ah, yesterday was Monday. Excuse me, I got up at about, oh I got up at about twenty past six and I had my son so we made breakfast and I stuck his clothes in the dryer because they were still damp from washing them, school clothes. And then I gave him breakfast, made his lunch, got him dressed, I got dressed, packed his bag, then we drove to school and then I dropped him off at the Stop Drop and Go, then I drove to the Morningside Railway Station near there, parked the car, then caught my train, got into work about five to nine I think, got changed, into the work clothes and there then worked from nine to seven, did ten hours, worked from nine am to seven pm and then caught a train back to Morningside, got in the car, drove home, had an apple cider beer, I'd already eaten dinner so then I had dessert at home which was ice cream, banana, chocolate, that was that, had a shower, watched a bit of TV, surfed the net a bit and then went to sleep. Yes, I put it on snooze, just the once. He had raisin toast with butter and I had a protein shake, just a milkshake sort of thing. You make it yourself, just milk and put the powder in and put it in the blender, that's it, it's pretty simple. Banana. He had a ham sandwich, a banana, an apple, he eats raw mushrooms, some chocolate and an apple juice, that's what he had, yeah. We left about quarter to eight and then he gets to school at about quarter past eight and they supervise them, excuse me, they supervise them until school starts at about twenty to nine, so yeah. About twenty minutes? Yeah, about twenty. No, no, about two or three minutes and the train arrived at about eight thirty four or something, yeah. I do. I think I did. No, no, I stood up because I had my uniforms with me, so I had my uniforms in a bag so I just stood up. But I could have got a seat I think on that particular train, but yeah, no, I had my uniform so I stood up. So I think that train, it commences at Murarrie so it's not a particularly busy train so you can usually get a seat on it, on that one, so yeah. I've just got myself an iPhone so I was surfing the net on the iPhone, I don't think I could connect the internet so I was mucking around with my iPhone trying to get that connected. It was probably connected, I wasn't using it correctly perhaps. No. Yeah, it's a second hand one but I've just got it the last couple of days so yeah, it's good. Yeah, it is, it's busy for me at the moment because I'm just trying to get through some files and I took a day sick last week so I'm a day down so it's busy, it'll be busy for me, it'll be busy, I've just got to try and catch up this week and then I'll be right. But it is busy. Probably not. I prefer it just steady but unfortunately as you know sometimes when you're not busy you let things pile up until you are busy so it's not rocket science what I'm doing at the moment, it's just a matter of getting in there and doing it so it's not brain surgery so just something that I've got to knuckle down and get done so I'll be up by the end of the week hopefully. Yep. Oh, I did meet with my officer in charge briefly. It wasn't a formal meeting, no. Sometimes it does but it just depends what file you might have. Sometimes you might meet internally with internal members within the police service or externally with other stakeholders so, but normally I would have a meeting perhaps once or twice a week, usually internal stakeholder meetings, yeah. Yeah, just doing paperwork. What did I do? I did a report, a four page report regarding, responding to a file regarding a request to amend our pursuits policy, to sort of defending our position in relation to a certain aspect of our pursuits policy and that although four pages is four pages but it required a bit of research in referring to reports done by the CMC and the history of the pursuits policy so it was just time consuming so that kind of took all day. I went out to Subway and just got a sandwich or whatever it is from Subway, a roll or whatever so I had that before I went home. I caught the 20 pass, no, yeah, 20 pass, 7 train and I was home by 20 to 8. Oh, so I was off the train at 20 to 8 then I walk home so I'm at home at say 10 to 8 in the evening so, but I'd already had dinner. I'd recorded Dream Car Garage on TV so I was watching that, watched a couple of episodes of that. Well they test drove a couple of cars, they test drove a Corvette, one of the later model Corvettes that they'd modified and they test drove an AC Cobra, yeah it's a Ford AC Cobra so it was a good episode. Yeah, got the iPhone working and I was searching cars on Gumtree, going through cars that were for sale, no, not really, nothing that took my fancy. Got to bed about 10 to 10 I think, yeah, would have been asleep at 10 I suppose. Yeah no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.