 Um, yesterday I got up, I got up out of bed at about 20 past 5 and um, I got changed for work in my plain clothes, made breakfast, had a milkshake for breakfast and packed my bag, my work bag, then left the house and jumped in the car and drove to the railway station and had a shave in the car whilst I was waiting for the train. Then I caught the train into work and started work. I was in at work at about 20 past 6 in the morning, then I went down to the gym, did a little bit of gym work, got changed, shower got changed and then started work at 7, 7 in the morning and then, yeah, wrote policy for a couple of hours, very exciting stuff and morning tea at 10 in the morning and, uh, that's what I do. Worked through till about 12.30, then had lunch, very exciting stuff, very exciting. Then, um, went to the gym at about 2pm, very briefly, for about half an hour, then went back to work and finished work about 4.30, then I walked home from the city back to Morningside, um, back to the railway station, picked the car up and then drove home and then made dinner, that's what I do. Watched a recorded show, Dream Car Garage on digital TV, then, um, went to bed, yeah, very exciting stuff. Yep, yes, I think I hit snooze, yeah, for five minutes on my phone alarm, yep, banana. Yep, oh, it's a protein shake powder thing that is poured in and just put milk in and put it in the mixer and it makes it up, so, yeah, just have that in the morning, yep. Oh, three minutes, I should walk it but, you know, it was raining and plenty of excuses. Um, yeah, it's only a three minute drive from my house to the railway station. Uh, no, five minutes, yeah, yeah, had a quick shave. I don't have much facial hair, no, it was a quick shave. Uh, yeah, sometimes I'll walk to the railway station, have a shave before I leave but, uh, it's been raining for the last couple of weeks so I just drive to the railway station, have a shave and catch a train in, yep. Uh, pretty quiet, yeah, yeah, I catch the 6am train. There's not too many people on the train so, uh, no, it was the usual quiet train and, uh, plenty of seats, plenty of space, so it was good. Uh, no, I usually just, um, shut my eyes and just go back to sleep, try to relax. Uh, actually, funny you mention that because yesterday I must have just been dozing off and then they were talking about Roma Street and I thought, jeez, so I was very relaxed, yeah, yeah, so, uh, I haven't missed the station yet but, uh, I've missed a few stations on the way which isn't of any significance. Uh, went up to, yeah, went into work on level 4, grabbed my kit, checked my email, then went down, went down to the gym, yep. Uh, about 15 minutes, just do some stretching, quick shower, then go back up to work. Yeah, yep, uh, so I write operational policy for operational, uh, police. Um, so at the moment we're, I'm working on, uh, impounding, the new impounding legislation that's coming through, some new procedures and flowcharts and, um, I wrote a flow, actually I spent the whole day writing a flowchart. I've never done flowcharts before, so I'm very proud that I've created this flowchart and I'm not computer literate, so, uh, created this flowchart and, uh, um, it took me a day and I think if I had to do it again I'd probably do it in about two hours, so, uh, it was my achievement yesterday, hadn't a great deal. Um, actually I did have one cup of coffee in the morning but I don't normally drink it, so I had one coffee and I had, um, what did I have, I had coffee and, uh, I had, uh, crackers and, um, tuna I think for morning tea. Yep, hammered away the flowchart for a couple of hours. Um, I, I make my own lunch. I think I had, uh, microwavable rice and, um, what did I have, rice and, uh, tuna again, I think I had another little tin of tuna and rice. Um, yeah, that was it. No, I did, um, bench press. No, I tell a lie, no I didn't do bench press, I did forearms, biceps, shoulders, triceps, forearms, biceps, triceps, shoulders, uh, that was it. Yep, yep. About an hour and twenty it was, yep. It was running fairly, sort of consistently but nothing too heavy. Yep, for most of the trip, yep. Um, oh god, that's a bit embarrassing cause, you know, just cooking for myself, so, uh, I cooked up again rice, microwavable rice, uh, a can of smoked oysters, uh, tomato sauce, what else did I throw on that? Oh yeah, I had, did I have salami? I had some salami, smoked oysters, rice, um, yeah, that was, that was it I think, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I didn't have anything defrosted so I just put it on the plate. Uh, they had a, uh, Cuda, C-U-D-A, American Muscle Car, I think it's a Hemi made by Chrysler, so they're working on that, it's their project car, so they've, they found it as a wreck or bought it as a wreck and they've, uh, brought it up to sort of showroom standards through the various episodes, so they've reconditioned the, uh, the frame, the interior, the motor, the transmission, the diff, the brake, suspension, so they're just finishing it off now, so, uh. Yeah, yeah, that's a good car. Yeah, yes. Oh, sorry, sorry. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment, no comment, no comment.