 Okay, so yesterday morning I woke up at 6.20 in the morning. I think I hit snooze and then I lied there for another 10 minutes. Then I got up, I took some rubbish out to the bin because it's really bin day. Then jumped in the shower, got ready for work. Then I drove to the train station, hopped on the train, which was incredibly packed because kids are going back to school. I got to work at about quarter to eight, sat down, went through all my emails. Once that was done, I started training one of the girls who will do all my work while I'm away on leave. So that took up most of the morning because we had four different meetings to go through on how to run them, what required, all the different processes, and who you need to involve, and who to ask if you have questions because I won't be here. Then I had lunch. I had chicken, roast chicken for lunch. So that was about half an hour. Then after that, it was more training with the girl. Then what else did I do yesterday? Just going through databases, making sure everything's up to date. Then I left work at four o'clock. I went home. I had to ring my partner to get him to bring dog food home because there was no dog food. Then once he got home, we had dinner. We had sado chicken. Then after that, we had to start ransacking our bedroom because he has lost his work phone and we cannot find it anywhere. So we were going through everything and we still didn't find it. So we must have been doing that for about two hours. Then after that, I went to bed. It was probably about 9.30. Yes. Just one. Just a normal bin. No, I had it at work. Usually, yeah. I always get a seat, but yesterday, it was probably one of the last seats in the carriage. One of the girls that works in a different department here, she catches the same train, so we managed to have a chat to her, which was lucky. No, no. Stopped every station. Yes, yes, yes. All the normal briefings and all the auto-generated emails as well that the QPS loves to send. No, most of them was just sorting through them, saving the ones that you need to and then you can just trash the rest. I finish on Thursday lunchtime, so it's not long at all. Seven weeks and I won't come back to that department. With the restructure, I go to the new ICMC, so she just has to learn it. Yes, so she'll be your... Not really. All, because my office per se has been completely divvied up, so everyone's absorbed all the different duties, so she's got some things but not others. Then there's another lady that's got some things, just to make it hard. Yeah. So is that... Not so much, because a lot of it has been taken away at the moment, so it's just handing that stuff off to her, because I'm not in my regular office now. I've moved to a different one just until I go on leave, so it's just helping out in that office. I'm kind of a free agent. Yeah. So for the seven weeks, how long do you go on time? No, we've got two weeks. So we've got a week off before the wedding, then we fly out a couple of days after to Hawaii for two weeks, and then we go to New York for a week, and then we come home. Are you excited? Yes. I'm just ready for it to be here. Yeah. Everything booked? Yep. So you head to... Yes.... most of it. Yep. In the afternoon? No, I got it all done yesterday. So you finish what you have to wait? No. Is it a full day, most days? Yes, we did yesterday. Did you cook? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, we looked everywhere. Went through all the drawers, all the cupboards, everything. Cannot find it. Yep. So he's... Yes.... unable to ring it? Yep. Yeah, that was my fault. Does he remember? Well, he can't remember picking it up at all, because the last any of us remember is he had it on our bed, and he got up on Saturday morning, and I had lied in. And his phone kept buzzing with emails, so I turned it off and rolled over and gone back to sleep, and we don't remember seeing it again, so we don't know where on earth it gone. Yeah. And then you... so did you watch most of the movies? I watched one TV show, Army Wives. Not much. One of the main characters is struggling with the death of her best friend, and then there was another character whose husband is away working for a little bit, and she's, for the first time ever, had to look after her kid alone, because she's the one that's in the army and her husband's a doctor or something. And it was her struggling and balancing the kids, so she's learning a lesson about what he does. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.