 Yesterday morning I woke up at 6.20, then I got up, fed my dogs, put them outside, filled up their water bowls. Then I jumped in the shower, had a shower, got out, got dressed. I got a ride to work yesterday with my partner, so he dropped me into work, which was nice. Then I got to work at quarter to eight, sat down, went through many emails. One of the ladies was sick at work yesterday, so I was quite busy doing her work. I've actually moved offices at the moment, so I don't have any set tasks. I'm just helping out where I am. I was doing a lot of correspondence and running around. My computer was having issues, still having issues, so I was talking to Remo constantly and trying to get them to come and fix it. After that I met a friend from downstairs for lunch. We had lunch for half an hour, catching up. We do that once a week. Then I came back and did some more paperwork. Then I left at four. I got picked up from work and we drove home. Then I went to my mum's place because I had to bury my cat's ashes after work. We went and did that. Then we picked up some tie for dinner, went home, watched TV. Then I had an early night. That was about it. Interviewer 1 So you work at Kaliworth? Did you press the keys a couple of times? Just once. Interviewer 1 Then off out of bed, did you have a... Yeah, just before I left. Interviewer 1 How many pieces? None, just two boiled eggs. Interviewer 1 Anything with? No. Interviewer 2 What was your favourite part of the day? Health kick. Interviewer 1 Do you have them cold or are they... Oh, they're still warm. Yeah, because they're boiled. Interviewer 1 Then you fed your dogs in the morning? Mm-hmm. Interviewer 2 Yep. And they go outside the day? Yes. Interviewer 1 Do you have a little bit... Yeah, give them a scratch. Beagles. Yeah, they're very naughty. Interviewer 1 Boys or girls? Two girls. Interviewer 1 Sis or... No, they could be though. They look very similar. The oldest one must be six and the little one, she must be two and a half, three. The big one. Interviewer 1 How many kids do you have? I have two. I have two. I have two. I have two. I have two. I have two. I have two. I have two. I have two. Yeah, the big one. The oldest one. Interviewer 1 So, you mentioned you got a lift every how long? Maybe once a week. Yeah, probably not more than that. Interviewer 1 And does it... Yeah, probably about 15 minutes and it saves money as well. Interviewer 1 Yeah, but at any time of schedule? Yeah, yeah. Interviewer 1 So, the drive-in... No. No, I think it took 20 minutes. Interviewer 4 Mm-hmm. Is that a little earlier? Yeah, a little bit. Interviewer 1 So, you mentioned you need to have it a day or a week or more than one? Yeah, no, just after the weekend, all the briefing sheets and stuff, just to go through go through them and delete the ones that I don't need. Staff member was sick yesterday? Yes, answering her phone, taking care of her paperwork. No, no, she was unwell, so it was unexpected. So you also mentioned- Something to do with Outlook, it's just crashed and it won't send emails, like I can compose them just fine and then it has some sort of error and won't send them. And then Rimmo did come and they did something to it and it worked a little bit and then I logged on this morning and it's doing the same thing. So obviously that affects your work. Yes, it's frustrating, because you're trying to email people to get in touch with them and it's not working. So you've got to- I can't even save them. So I just have to rewrite them all when they've fixed it for good. But it started working? Yeah, yeah. What time do you- 12.30, yes, tuna salad. And you mentioned you met a friend going out? No, well we usually bring our lunch, so we just go and meet down in the atrium, the tables down there. The lunch you get to do- Yes. Is that the majority hour for you? Yes, it's basically just doing correspondence under the hand of the assistant commissioner, so really it's just assessing what it is, where it needs to go, doing up the report and then sending it to where it needs to go. And you were able to- Yes. So you left to work at the Alan Tudor Kitchen? No, I got picked up. So is that where you get picked up as well? Yep. And you went straight home? Yes. And how long? Probably about an hour. Probably about 45 to an hour. Were you- We painted a little rock for him, yeah, and put him in the garden bed. Yeah, no, we just picked it up on the way home. Did you call an order or- My partner did, he called and ordered. Sade chicken. And so you ate that at home? Mm-hmm. Were you watching TV while you had your dinner? Yes. The Client List. Movie? It's a TV show, yes. The main character, she's split up with her husband because he ran off for a year and he's come back and now he's in jail. And now she's torn between her husband and his brother, who's been there the whole time and it's like her rock. And last night she broke up with the brother, saying that she couldn't do it because her little daughter saw her kissing the uncle and then was all confused. So that was the main gist of the story last night. And are you far into- I don't think it's a very long season, so I'm probably about halfway. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And second? Probably about nine o'clock. Mm-hmm. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. I'm done.