 I have to try and remember what I did yesterday again. Okay, so I probably woke up at about, I think my alarm first went off at about 10 to 7. So I snoozed it twice, usually snooze it twice, and actually got up at about 10 past 7. Got changed, I put on some exercise clothes so I could walk to work, packed my work clothes into my bag and all that sort of stuff, and then I walked to work, listened to my iPod on the way to work. And then I probably got to work at about 10 to 8, went to the bathrooms, got changed, and then started work. Yesterday my boss, her younger son wasn't feeling very well, so she wasn't there. So as soon as I sort of got in, she rang and I spoke to her for about half an hour about stuff that we need to do. It turned out to be one of those days where if the boss isn't there, everything sort of happens. We had an A02 temp who all of a sudden decided that he wanted to resign and had to sort of get that paperwork over to our payroll as soon as possible so he didn't get overpaid and all that sort of stuff. So it was a really busy morning, and then after lunchtime it sort of calmed down a little bit and I got a chance to go through and do a bit of auditing of some of our records and follow up on a few things. So I finished work at 4 and got changed, put my exercise clothes on again, got changed, and then walked home. And then when I got home, actually while I was at work, I had got a call from my partner. He was at the shops and he was getting some storage containers for me. So then when I got home he had that for me and I reorganised all of my baking sort of stuff into a drawer and a cupboard. That took a while. I watched a little bit of TV, had a bit of a snack, and then had a shower. And then, what did we do? I'll try and remember now. I think I watched a little bit more television. Then we had dinner. We sort of both cooked a bit of it. We had steak and sausages with baked potatoes and vegetables. And then I did the dishes, watched a little bit more television, and went to bed. Probably went to bed at about, kind of got carried away. I probably didn't go to bed until about 11.30. Yeah, my alarm on my phone. No, no. Yep. No, it wasn't. It was a little bit cloudy though. About 25 minutes. I try to. Just depending if it's raining or if I have to take stuff in with me then I don't walk because I've got too much to carry. Flat road? No, it's a little bit hilly. So it's a good workout. So you mentioned you were listening to music. No, just on shuffle. Do you skip songs? Well, it's kind of hard because my iPod is sort of sitting in my backpack so it's a bit hard to skip songs. So even if I want to I just kind of put up with it. So after work? Yeah, when I sat down at my desk the phone was already ringing. Without you bothering? Oh, it depends. It depends if stuff happens. In particular, yesterday morning a few things were going on so I had to deal with them whereas she would usually deal with them. But then other times, her not being there in the afternoon, it just made it even quieter because she didn't give me anything to really do. So it sort of varies. Busy morning. Yeah. What about stuff in the mail? Oh, well I had to call her and ask, sort of get her to step me through it. But it's something that I would usually do but it's just because it was such short notice, it was a little bit more difficult, like a little bit more unusual. Because usually if they resign, they're not going for another two weeks or a month or whatever. But he had come in that day and said he won't be back the next day. So it was a really quick one. So I had to sort of call her and get some clarification on what to do. But once I knew what to do, it was fine. Maybe one, maybe two every couple of weeks. Like it's not, yeah, it's not, I don't know, it depends. We've been pretty busy recently because of the restructure and everything. But yeah, no, it's not that regular, I guess. Yeah, well they should. Well, with police officers, they have to give three months anyway. So you've got three months to sort of take care of things. And with staff members, it's like a two-week sort of turnaround. But yeah, we can't really, this guy was a temporary staff member, we couldn't really stop him from going. Especially he had another job. So you just kind of have to take it and deal with it and make sure he doesn't get overpaid. It was just like a really good timing as well because pay cut off was yesterday. And so he just had to make sure it was over there before pay cut off at payroll. So what time did you get there? Probably like quarter past 12. $4. I got sushi. Yeah. Two. Yes, I always get chicken and avocado. Yeah, no, I walked up to 400 George Street to get it. No, I just went and got it and brought it back. So in the afternoon, somebody? Oh, it was just a spreadsheet. So I was just doing an audit of all of our staff. And if they, like if we had people on, so comments and that sort of stuff. Like just making sure all of our details or records were up to date. So calling up the appropriate areas just to see if they had come back or if they were expected back sort of stuff. So all in all, it was probably like about 30 different staff that I sort of rang up and queried. It did, yeah. So after that? At four o'clock. Walked straight home? Yes. Do you always? Not really. I tend just to go straight home. So when you got home? Yes. Yes. And I had like an empty shelf and empty drawer. So I kind of rearranged everything to kind of make it easier to use. No, no labels on anything. Just yeah, yeah. So you mentioned you were on TV in the afternoon? I watched this new show called, that my partner downloaded, called Bates Motel. It's like, you know, like the movie Psycho. It's like a, what, you know, a bit of a prequel sort of what happened before Psycho, like with the kid and his mum and their hotel and stuff. So it was kind of interesting. It was the first episode. It was like a new show. So just to see whether I'll start watching that a little bit more. And then me and my partner, we watched Arrested Development. Because we'd been watching all of those seasons again because there's a new one coming out in May. So watched all of those again and finished up that series. And then after that, I watched, after we had dinner and then I watched Revenge on telly. Some milk? Yeah, I think so. So, studying? Steak and sausages. He has steak and I have sausages. I don't mind steak, but I prefer sausages. So he cooks his steak. Well done. Yes. All right, now I'm going to ask. Sure. Not recognized. Not recognized. Not recognized. Not recognized. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Done, cool. Thank you.