 Okay, I got up at about 10 to... Oh, my alarm went off about 10 to 7. And I didn't get out of bed till about 20 past 7. My partner was actually still in bed because he was sick yesterday, which was unusual. So I got changed into my exercise clothes. And yeah, got myself together and then walked to work. Then when I got to work, I logged into my computer. Nothing overly interesting happened at work yesterday. It was just general sort of Monday stuff. And then for lunch... Oh, this always sounds so same. I really don't eat sushi that much. But yesterday for lunch, I had sushi. I really only eat it about once or twice a week. But it seems like I'm always telling you I eat sushi. So I walked up to 400 George, in front of George Street. And actually, no, something different happened. I walked into the city first because I wanted to get this new CD and get a couple of cardians because it's very cold downstairs where I work. And my other one had ripped. So I took a longer lunch and walked into the city. And on the way back, I went to 400 George and got some sushi for lunch. And then the afternoon, sort of nothing really happened. And I left work at about quarter past four, a little bit later because I think we were working on something. I can't remember exactly why. But yeah, I didn't leave until about quarter past four. Got changed and to make some nice clothes again and walked home. And then once I got home, I did some sit-ups and some roll-ups and that sort of stuff. Had a little bit of a snack. And then I watched a movie, which was the perks of being a wallflower. And had a shower. Then got dinner ready. We had crumb chicken, tato and vegetable. And then after dinner, wasn't really much sort of on. So I watched... We were going to watch a TV show, but didn't have time for something else I wanted to watch started. So the voice. And then I watched Revenge. And I was going to go to bed. But then this show called My Strange Addiction came on. And I couldn't help it. So I stayed up and watched that. And I went to bed at about 11.30. So, do you work at your age? No. I probably started about... Oh, actually, I don't think I said it said that quite right. I probably got up at about 7.10. And then I left at like about 7.25 and started walking. Do you have a clock? Yeah, yeah, which is about 7.25. So you just... you didn't have... Oh, I would sort of try to walk a bit quicker and get a bit of good exercise in. But if I leave at 7.25, then I might work by about 10 to 8.00. So I can get changed and start work at 8.00. So being a Monday... Actually, yeah, I do have a few, mostly from the services, which you tend to just delete. A lot of send-offs at the moment. But nothing that really required sort of immediate action. Like I did a couple of small things, but there was nothing too unusual in there. No, not usually. No, not really. Sometimes we'll have like a little group meeting, but it's like maybe once a month. I did, yeah. 12.30. I bought the new Paramore CD. Well, no, because then I... I listened to a couple of songs as I was doing my exercises when I got home. And then when I tried to put it on my iPod last night, I have this iPod, I got an iPhone 5. So I bought a cheap, like extra iPhone cord because I keep one at work and then it wouldn't work. So I put it on the computer, but I couldn't get it onto my iPhone, which was kind of annoying. So I haven't really listened to it yet. And you went to buy some cardigans? I did. I bought this one. I bought like, I think I bought three. So I put two black ones and a grey one. But the first black one I bought, I bought it for the second one. I don't really want it anymore because I got the second one. And good sale prices or is it... Oh, not too bad. Like it's just, I sort of, I think I went to, not really expensive places, like I went to sort of Valley Girl and Tempt and that. So they're only like about 15 or 20 bucks anyway. No, I probably only went into about three stores and I found some stuff in a couple of them. So how long did you shop? I probably shopped for about half an hour. And do you... Not really. It's pretty much because I just went in there because I really wanted that CD and I thought while I'm in the city, I'll get some cardigans. So when you got used to it? I did, yeah. No, I usually finish at four o'clock, but yeah, there was some extra things to do. No, no, I just walk straight home. And when you got used to it? Probably about 15 minutes. Yeah, I try and do sort of about like 20 crunches, 20 roll-ups, 20 sit-ups. Yeah, I try to. Yeah. And is this something you'll do every afternoon? Yeah. No, I try and do it every afternoon. Only if I walk home, like if I'm already in the exercise clothes, I try and make the best of it. Yeah, fair enough. And the perks of being a flower? No, I haven't. Oh yeah, I know, it's a pretty good movie. It depends on what sort of movies you like, but yeah. And you had a... Yes, Seyo's with Vegemite. And did you cook for yourself? I did, yes. He wasn't really sick. He was just, he wasn't feeling the best, so he called in sick, but he was fine. Bit of man flu. Yeah, of course. And later... Yeah. I had four different ones. The first one was a guy who was in an intimate, like emotional and sexual relationship with his car. I can't help it. I love the show, I really do. It's just so strange. So that was him and yeah, I don't, yeah. And then another lady liked to like snort talcum powder. She was like addicted to snorting talcum powder. And then one of the other ones was addicted to her breasts. Like she had like triple K size breasts and just wanted to go like even bigger. And then the last one, I can't remember what the last one was, but yeah, there's such a strange show. I love it though. I really... I wonder how they get to this. I know, I think like as well, you haven't seen television really until you've seen a guy kissing and making out with his car. Fair enough. Yeah. And so you went to the last one. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.