 Okay, I got up at about seven, or twenty past seven, and got ready, chucked on some exercise clothes, got all my work stuff, walked to work, probably got to work about ten to eight, got ready for work, and then, yeah, sort of sat down at my computer and did my work for most of the day, then for, nothing really happened at work, I went and got sushi for lunch, walked up to 400 George and got some sushi, and then went back to work, finished work at about four in the afternoon, took the, was going to get the bus home, missed the bus, so got the train home, I didn't walk home like I usually would because I had to get home early, so I got the train home, when I got home I made some cupcakes for my mum because she was having a morning tea today, so I made some Easter themed cupcakes, and I made some extras too for the people at work today, and that kind of took me most of the night, and then I watched a little bit of Glee, I watched Pact of the Rafters, I watched some Parenthood, and had a shower, brushed my teeth, and went to bed at about eleven o'clock. Ah yes, my phone alarm, yes, twice, no, no I don't, no, yep, well I walk along Milton Road, so it's generally, it was really hot yesterday actually, that was kind of annoying, it's generally quite noisy, nothing really out of the ordinary happened. Hot day. Yeah, yeah, twenty five minutes, thirty minutes. It's a hilly walk. Yeah. Yes, it is a good, it's a good workout. I do, yeah, just when I can, if I don't have, like this morning I couldn't walk in because I had cupcakes, so whenever I don't have anything to bring into work I try to walk. I went into the bathroom, sort of got changed, and then started work at about eight o'clock. Not really, it was, yeah, it was fairly quiet, I tied up a few things that I hadn't really had time to do in the last week or so, so yeah, I got a lot of stuff done, but it wasn't overly busy. No, oh it can do, but I didn't have any meetings yesterday. Oh well, I think I had a bit of an early lunch at about ten to twelve, because in the afternoon I had to help out with some interviews. Yes. I got two chicken and avocado rolls. Sometimes, whenever I go to sushi I get the chicken and avocado rolls, but it varies. No, I took them back to work and ate them at my desk. No, I'd arranged, like I'd put a panel together to, for these people to assess some professional officer progressions, so I just assisted when the person came in, I gave them their interview questions, gave them ten minutes, and then when they were finished I went and took them in to the people who were interviewing. There were two. No, not usually. Oh, it's probably been a while, maybe like a year or so, because obviously we haven't really had many hiring at the moment. Yes, I didn't walk home, I caught the bus home. Oh sorry, I missed the bus, I caught the train. Yeah, I caught the train home and it probably took about twenty minutes. Yeah, I went to the bus stop and saw that nobody was there, so I thought, oh the bus is probably, I probably missed the bus, because I was running a little bit late as I left, and then I could sort of see a bus up further, although I couldn't see none of them, it was probably my bus, so I'd go to the train station. No, that particular one only comes every half hour or so. Yeah. No, probably not too busy, because it's four o'clock, you know, it's not quite as busy, you know, if you sort of leave a bit later at five, it gets a little bit busier. Yeah, that's right. Oh, it's only one station. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And they had, like, with vanilla icing, but half of them were like white icing and half of them were green icing, and then a quarter of them had little bunnies on them, and then a quarter of them had little eggs on them, and a quarter of them had little chickens on them, and then the other ones just had like Easter sprinkles on them. Yeah, no, they were edible, I made them out of fondant. Yeah, it's a hobby. Yeah. And I think I gave her about 36 in the end, they're like just little mini ones. 12. They did. I think it was the little chickens that have disappeared pretty quickly. It's time consuming, but it's not too hard, they're just like you sort of, I've got like shapes and stuff that you can use to cut stuff out and you sort of like roll them into little balls and stuff. So it's not really that hard, but it just takes time. Yeah, so I make the cupcake batter, cook all the cupcakes, and then while they're cooling down I make all the little bits of fondant stuff, and once the cupcakes are cooled down I can sort of ice them and then I put the little decorations on top. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, pretty much, and then once I finish, well I probably finished, oh and then obviously there was dinner in between all that as well, and I probably finished at about 8.30, so then I kind of just sat down and watched television for a couple of hours after that. Chicken pie. No, my mum had asked me to pick up some pies from this pie drive, because she wasn't at work yesterday, some pies from this pie drive that they were doing down the road, so I picked them up, oh sorry that was something else I did yesterday morning. I picked them up and then she said I could take some, so I took home a chicken and a beef one and we had a chicken one for dinner. Yeah. Okay. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. I'm going to take this off.