 I got up in the morning at about quarter to seven. I go and put on the kettle for a cup of tea and hop in the shower and then my partner gets up and makes the cup of tea. I get out of the shower and have my cup of tea while I'm getting dressed. Then I had some breakfast with fruit and muesli and yogurt. Then I just got my lunch ready for work. I went to the train station. I get the train at quarter to seven. Yes, I got up at quarter to six. I get the train to Park Road. I get off at Park Road and then I walk from Park Road to Roma Street. That's about a 50 minute walk through Southbank down Annerley Road, Stanley Street, Southbank. Then I got to work. When I get to work on Monday morning I did my time sheet and submitted my time sheet to my agency and got stuck into work which was... What did I do yesterday? I'm working on the traffic cube with Trish at the moment. I did some work on that and I did some work on some custom searches. I had morning tea at about, I don't know, 10 o'clock. A cup of tea and a muesli bar. I did some more work till lunchtime and then had my lunch which was heated up leftovers and some fruit. I worked through lunch so I continued working and through the afternoon had a cup of tea sometime in the afternoon. I had a banana I think sometime in the afternoon but kept working. I left work at round about four and I walked from Roma Street back through to Southbank Station through the park. Got the train, I don't know, a quarter to five or so and got home and Monday night is bin night so I got the rubbish and put the rubbish bin out and then I was in the garden because on the weekend we did some gardening and I had put some netting over the garden beds. So I did that then I went upstairs and my partner is a university lecturer so he gets home later on Monday night. So I started the dinner, cut up some vegetables, got the meat out the steak and thawed the steak. Got all of that ready and then just sat down and read the paper until Mike got home. I checked my emails too and did some work on the computer, personal things on the computer. Mike got home about six and I then cooked the dinner and we ate around about seven steak and veggies. Then after dinner I watched my favourite shows on Monday nights. It's Australian Story and then Four Corners. Mike went to bed about half past eight so I went to bed about half past nine. I went to sleep and that's it. Yes, no, no, I just naturally wake up. I actually wake up much earlier, probably about five and just doze and get up at 5.40. No, I never actually sleep in so I'm always awake by quarter to six. Yeah, yeah, first thing is cut earl grey. Yes, I cut up a fruit salad so rock melon, pineapple, grapes and blueberries in that lot. No, I eat that at home. Yes, all of two minutes. We're about five houses from the train stop. I plan it so that the train's on time. I've got about a minute or two minutes. Yeah, no, at that time I can always get a seat. So there's always a lot of people but it's not busy. Yeah, so I could get the train to Rama Street but this is the only exercise that I do, or the most of the exercise that I do, is the walking. So I choose to get off at Park Road. Yeah, well I quite like walking in the rain so I wear different shoes and that sort of thing. So if it's pouring with rain, yes, then I would not do that. I'd go to Rama Street. Oh, every day? Yeah, that's my normal routine. Yeah, the only time I wouldn't do it is if I've got to be at work super early or I want to leave early so I want to start early. Yeah, the walk's 50 minutes. Yeah, beautiful. I love it. Yeah, 10 minutes. Yes, so what we're doing is some updates because the data entry forms have changed. So we're changing the way the cube works to incorporate the new fields on the forms. We're changing some of the business rules around the dimensions. We're changing the drill through report. So I'm doing the technical changes. Trish does the business analysis side of it and we're both testing. So I do some testing and she does some testing. What did I have yesterday? A pie. We had broccoli pie so I had some of that and I also put some leftover pasta, basil pesto pasta in there too. I think the pie was from Saturday night and the pasta was from Friday night. Yes, I do a shorter walk in the afternoon so it's just back to South Bank which is about half an hour. Yeah. Except Tuesdays when I walk into West End because I go to yoga. That's about a half an hour walk into West End. It's netting to keep the possums off because they've been eating the shoots. So it's just this white netting that Mike had put up on the weekend but what he did was just laid it over the garden bed which meant it was squashing the plants and the possums could just walk on it and eat the plants anyway. We've got these bamboo poles so I just stretched it up over the pole so that it was lifted up off the garden bed. On the weekend we planted lettuce and baby leaf spinach in one garden bed, some marigolds down the middle to keep the bugs away and then in the other garden bed we put peas, sugar snap peas and some more marigolds and I did some seeds, planted seeds for beans, cucumber, nasturtiums which will keep the bugs away. What was the one more thing? Oh, Chinese cabbage. We've renovated the house a year ago and then we put the garden beds in so we had one crop last late winter, early spring and that went really well and then we haven't done anything over summer because we haven't got our tanks plumbed in yet, we didn't have the water. So we've now got the tanks, we've just got to get them plumbed so we've got the water in them, we can't get the water out and then so this lot will be the second lot. I just do that in the fry pan so I fry it in the fry pan, just I fill it so really small pieces and we only cook them for a few minutes. Yeah, medium rare. It was about organ donation so it had the perspective of two organ donors and their families, so two guys that had died and their sort of journey, families journey through that and then it also had the perspective of two, three people I think who were waiting for organ donation. Two of them got organ donations and one is still waiting and they were comparing it with Spain where the organ donation is much better, they get a 15% knock back. In Australia you get a 40% knock back of people who are asked to donate or families that are asked to donate and it was just sort of comparing the two countries and how they do it. Really interesting. No, well what happens is apparently because people don't talk about it in advance, in those crisis situations the family members are very reluctant to donate organs if they're not sure that the person would have wanted it and that's the main problem. So it's about educating people to talk and then in that situation communication to point out the benefits of organ donation I guess and that's what they do differently in Spain. They have a communication program where they teach the hospital people how to communicate and I guess put it in a such a way that it's more attractive to the family and helps them get over that barrier of oh I don't know what my loved one would have wanted to do. No, no I didn't read my book I just went straight to bed. No comment. No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment No comment.