 Okay, so Tuesday I got up about just before six, put the jug on first to boil while I had a shower and then I think Mike got up and made the tea and coffee while I was in the shower. I got out of the shower and had my tea while I was getting dressed. Then I went and made my breakfast and emptied the dishwasher at the same time I was eating my breakfast. First was fruit, muesli and yogurt and a cup of tea. Then I got the early train which was unusual for Tuesdays because normally I go in later but I had an appointment to meet a friend for coffee so I wanted to get to work early so I could have longer off. I got the quarter to seven train and got off at South Bank and had a shorter walk than normal and got into work at about twenty past seven. We were doing a release yesterday so in the morning I spent all morning fixing up a report that we had to get ready for the release, one of the domestic violence reports. Had a cup of tea mid-morning with a muesli bar. Then about twelve o'clock I got a phone call from the friend cancelling which really annoyed me because I had changed my time with you and also it meant that I could leave work really early but I go to yoga so I didn't have anything to do etc. So then I had lunch at about twelve o'clock and decided to leave work early like after my eight hours at quarter to four instead of four thirty and I walked into West End and went to Bent Books which is a second hand book shop first looking for two books and they had neither of them. So then I just went back to Avid Reader which is just across the road and they had one of the books that I wanted and I ordered the other one through them. Then I walked around to yoga and I actually got there a little bit early so I sat at the bus stop on the chair and my sister-in-law actually got off the bus so we had a chat and she was coming to yoga. So then I went into yoga early and set up mats for Mike and Liz and I and then I just laid down and rested and then we had our yoga lesson which focused on hips. Then after the yoga lesson we went home and had dinner. Mike cooked a lovely pasta and then I cleaned up afterwards and then we went to bed. So you're up at six o'clock? Yes. So you're unpacking the dishwasher as you always do? Yes. What fruit? What did I have yesterday? We had rock melon, pineapple, grapes and strawberries. No. I just put muesli on top of fruit and then just yogurt on top of that so it's crunchy. So you caught the early train. How much earlier? I either catch the quarter to seven when I want to get in early or quarter past seven if I'm going to stay half an hour later. And was the train busier? No. So you got off at South Bank and walked to work? It's a bit less than half an hour so 25 minutes. Was it quite warm in the morning? Yes. It was a warm walk. Do you prefer when it's a bit colder? It's nicer to walk on those really crisp cool mornings. Do you bring a change of shoes while you walk? Yes, I've got a pair of walking sandals that I wear to and from work and then I just change into shoes when I get to work. Work? Yes. So you mentioned you had to fix your report. We thought it was going to be really easy but it ended up being a bit more complex than we thought because there were multiple places where we had to change things so it actually took longer. There were two reports and one of the other guys I work with did one and I did the other one and so it took us most of the morning. That's right, so we wanted to keep it consistent so I was talking to him. He's the technical lead so I was talking to him about what he was doing so that I could make sure that I kept in sync with him. So all the changes were done, you finished it? Yes. And what time were you supposed to be? We'd arranged for about 1 or 1.30. She had a doctor's appointment and she was going to come over after that and then I wanted to have like an hour, an hour and a half to spend with her and then she called at 12 to say that she'd missed the train and so she'd had to drive into the Martyr and she didn't want to drive into town but this is sort of standard for her. She does this a bit. So had you had lunch by that stage? No, I was actually planning on having lunch at work and then just having a coffee with her so I just went ahead and had my lunch anyway. And you brought your... No, no. I bought a Subway sandwich yesterday. Do you usually bring your... Usually I do, yeah. I always bring a bit of fruit and then leftovers if I've got them. If I don't bring leftovers then I'll go out and get something like a Subway sandwich. So you went out... Yes, I did. Veggie Delight. So you left work at 5. Yes. And then did you walk straight to West End? Yes. How long did it take? That took me about 40 minutes I think to get up to... It's over Vulture Street where I went. So yeah. Two bookstores you went to? They are. Just on either... Oh, they're in Boundary Street on either side of Vulture Street. Did you find the book on your own or did you... Oh no, I just went to the desk and got him to look for it. And the other one, did they tell you how long it was? Yeah, a couple of weeks. And they'll call you when it's in? Yes. So yoga yesterday, is it an hour class? Hour and 15 minutes, yeah. And is that... Once a week, yes. So after yoga, how did you... We drove. So Mike, my partner, drives in and meets me there and then we drive home. And then when Mike's up, the dinner's straight away? Yes. And what type of food? Spaghetti. A spaghetti pasta with two sauces because he had his mushroom sauce which I don't like. So he did chicken breast and put some with the mushroom sauce and some with another dried tomato sauce that we've got as well. And did you watch any TV last night? No, no TV. It must have been about 10 o'clock by the time I went to bed. Mike went to bed a little bit earlier. Now I'm going to ask you a series and I'd like you to respond with no comment. Did you wait... No comment....for breakfast for breakfast? No comment. Did you catch the five... No comment....five? No comment. No comment. Did you go out for a beer with a... No comment....fifty with a... No comment....two book... No comment.