 Okay, I woke up at about quarter to six, got out of bed and had a shower, put on the kettle for tea. My partner gets up and makes a cup of tea while I have my shower. When I'd had my shower, I went in and got dressed and then I went into the kitchen and made some breakfast. I had my normal fruit muesli yogurt for breakfast, finished a cup of tea, had my vitamins, packed my bag for work and took a couple of boxes of muesli bars yesterday. I left for work at about, I caught the quarter to seven train, so I left five minutes before that, got off the train at Park Road, walked from Park Road down Annerley Road, ran past the Martyr through South Bank across the Stick Bridge to work, got to work at about quarter to eight. Then yesterday, what did I do at work? First thing I can't remember, but I sat down and started working. At about 11 o'clock, I went out and bought a Subway sandwich for lunch, came back, had my lunch around about 12.30, something like that, which was Subway sandwich, an apple and a mandarin that I had bought from home. Then after lunch, I just continued working. Probably I was working on the traffic cube yesterday and had a cup of tea mid-afternoon and a banana that I'd bought from home. I left work at four and walked to South Bank, caught the train from South Bank to Yeronga where I live. I got home probably five o'clock-ish. Monday was bin night, so I collected up all the papers from the weekend and the rubbish, took that down, took the bins out. It was two bin day yesterday, so both bins went out. I had a brief chat to the neighbours who were also putting their bins out, as we do on Mondays. Then I went back in and started cooking dinner. That's right, because my partner was away for the weekend and he teaches on Mondays, so I decided to make a nice dinner for him, which was potatoes and onions and some steak and some corn and some steamed vegetables. Then he came home around about six, actually just before he came home, my daughter called. I had a chat to her on the phone for a while. Mike came home while I was talking to her. Then we had dinner. After dinner, he called his son, who called during dinner. After that, we watched the news, the 7.30 report, Australian Story and Four Corners. Then I cleaned my teeth and went to bed. Yes, no, I have it at home. No, no, when you get that early train at quarter to seven, it's not busy at all. You always get a seat. No, I'm not on the train for very long. I'm only on for about three stops. In fact, what I did yesterday was delete my messages on my telephone. Yes, it was a beautiful day, actually. It was a very nice walk. A bit warmer, but it's actually cooled off, so it's a really pleasant walk. Yes, yes, yes. Usually, there's quite a few emails from the weekend, most of them to be deleted, just generic rubbish. The other thing I do Monday mornings is my time sheet. I forgot to mention that. Yes, I have to submit my time sheet every week to my agency. Yes, yes. I go to the Subway store, which is on the corner of Herschel Street and George Street. Yes. No, I usually go about 11 o'clock to beat the people. If you get there a little bit early, there's no line. Then I just bring it back and eat it a bit later on. I always get the same one. It's a veggie delight with all of the salads, except for onions. No sauce, no salt and pepper. Roundabout then, yes. No, I eat at my desk. Yes, I just eat while I'm working. I think we... Yes, we did. We actually went downstairs to talk to Mel and Angie about... What did we go to talk to them about? Something about the Traffic Cube. Yes, yes. We have lots of informal meetings where they'll either come up to us. We work with people on the fourth floor, so they'll either come up to us and chat or we just go down to their, sort of, on the spur of the moment and talk to them. Yes. No, that's only one extra stop to the morning, so it's a really short trip, about 10 minutes. Yes. Read the MX. I lie. I read MX on the way home. No, no, no. No, it's a bit of a... Yes, like after I put the rubbish out, maybe 10 minutes, get changed, organise a few things, then I started on the dinner. And how do you cook it? Last night, I just sliced it thinly and did it in the pan after the onions and potatoes while it still had some of the sauce in there. Yes. So, it only took like four minutes to cook. Four corners last night was... What was it, God? Alzheimer's setting in. It's completely gone. What was it about? Oh, it's something quite topical. Oh, the weapons of mass destruction. That's right. And the lies that were told before they invaded Iraq. Yes. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.