 I woke up early, about five. I wanted to get up early because I needed to ring Scotland and they're ten hours behind. So that made it about eight o'clock in the morning, eight o'clock at night over there, sorry. So Stewie's aunt lives over there and her daughter hasn't been very well so I just rang to see how they're going. We spoke for about three quarters of an hour, then I just got ready for work, just had a shower, washed my hair, made my lunch, same old, same old. Managed to get the early train because I was up early so I got off at Central Station and walked to work again and came to work. We had a meeting, we had our team meeting, we have one of those every week or twice a week. That was at 9.30 and then we had a sort of a DST meeting and it goes for about an hour after that. And the rest of the day was pretty uneventful at work, busy because we're trying to get a deployment out for the Q2 release. And left, I left about a quarter to five, caught the train from Roma Street and to Alderley and I walked home from the Alderley station, which took about 20 minutes because it's a bit of uphill walking. Didn't really do much, phoned a friend that had been over in Scotland for a few months, phoned her to see how she was going and just heard about a trip and watched some Tally. What did I watch last night? Oh, Insight, I watched a bit of Insight and Dateline on SBS. Went to bed about 11 o'clock. So you set your alarm for... No, I just wake up, my body clock got me up. Oh, well, I actually woke up about 4.30, so I lay in bed for a while. And then yes, when I got up, I washed my hair first and then I made the phone call. And did you make the phone call? Stu did, he got up as well, so he made the cup of tea. And you were on the phone for about a bit? Yes. So after getting... I think I dried my hair, straightened my hair first and then went and made my lunch. And did you have breakfast? I just eat some fruit as I'm cutting it up. I just eat a bit of fruit. How long? About half an hour. Well, I vary, but I've been getting the later train lately, so I managed to get the 7.23 and that was good. And did you read your book on the train? No, I was chatting, chatting to a friend, a lady, just a train lady we call. We just know each other from living in the area and catching the train for years, so just have a chat. And so you got off... Well, I normally try to walk from Central because it actually, by the time the train sits at Central for five minutes and then sometimes it stops in the tunnel, it's usually only about an extra five minutes to walk, so I do it for exercise. It's walking up some steps and just, you know, it's probably just over a ten minute walk, so... And what time did that... I got into the office by eight because I stopped and got a cup of coffee first down at the juice booth. And then... Yes. So just... Yep. How long did that... The first meeting probably went for about three quarters of an hour, half an hour maybe, three quarters of an hour. And how many of those... Just our team that was there, so there'd be eight I think. Yes, fortnightly. Actually, it was quite small, yes, and I'm guessing it'd probably be about a dozen, fourteen maybe. I think with the deployment, a few people, like some of our technical people didn't go because they were trying to get stuff done because we had to hand over by the end of the day, so... And then what time did you... Well, I ate my lunch. I normally just eat my lunch at my desk, so it was around, I think it was around twelve o'clock yesterday. And you... What did I have for lunch yesterday? I'm trying to think. Oh, okay, it was just sort of toast, sort of little bits of bread that I toasted and just some vegetables that were left over from the dinner the night before, and I just had them on the toasted bread. And you finish it... Yes, I do. Do you ever... Only if I need to go up to the city for something, generally not, yeah. It was actually, yeah, it's gone warm again. Yeah, it has. Yeah. It's nice. I like it just a little bit cooler because I like to walk and it's just nicer for walking, that's all. So when you... I think I just pour myself a drink, lemonade, diet lemonade, and then had a bit of a chat with Stu and then I made my phone call to my friend and then started watching TV as I was doing a bit of dinner. Last night I'd taken something out of the fridge in the morning, which was corned beef that had been cooked, so I heated that up and just had healthy vegetables. And do you remember what was on Dateline? Dateline was about the Boston Marathon bombing, the part I watched, I only watched a half of it, and it was, yeah, it was about that and a bit of the investigation and just how I'd been on Facebook and, yeah. How many... I didn't read last night. Did I say I read? No? I think I read last night. And then you had... Yeah, I think it was about 11. Now I'm going to ask to another question. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Corned beef and veggies. No comment, no comment, no comment. So are they trick questions to see how you, you know, comment is? Well, I ask you some that are true. Yeah, that's what I mean. A lot of people, I don't think you've got... Well, maybe if you've got something hard, but it's like, who cares if I had vegetables or not?