 Yesterday, I got out of bed, probably about six o'clock. Then I went down onto my exercise machine for 20 minutes. Then I prepared my lunch and basically got dressed, had a shower, got dressed and caught the train, walked down to the station and then caught the train into the city. Got off at Central Station and walked to Roma Street. So pretty much that was it until I got into work at Queensland Police. I work in the IA section in Tourism House and at the moment I'm analysing for the traffic crash cube. So I've been working on that for the whole day. And what else? Let's think. I had lunch, had a lunch break, came back to work and went home. In at work. Well, a normal day, at the moment we're dealing with the BSG to determine the business requirements for the traffic cube. It's changed recently because they've made changes to the NBC report. So on a normal day I might talk to them about changes, how their data is recorded. I'll work with Karen, who's the developer, set up some data so that we can test to make sure that it's developed properly. Meetings. When I left work I caught the train from Roma Street to Alderley and then got off the train and went to Bilo Shopping Centre to pick up a few things. Went home, had a drink, made dinner, fed the cat and basically watched television. Oh, I did do a bit of computer work probably for about half an hour. So I had an early night last night, went to bed at 8.30 so there's not much to talk about in the evening. Television wasn't the best, so no, I don't use an alarm. To a degree, I'm a contractor so I usually try to do eight hours a day because I don't get paid if I do less. But to a degree, generally I try to get in there by a quarter to eight but no later than nine. Generally I'm in there by a quarter to eight, half past eight. Yeah, generally I don't seem to have a problem with sleeping in. I've got a partner so if I am sleeping late he'll bring me in a cup of tea and wake me up. It's a hypervibe machine so I don't know if you've heard of them but they actually, it's got a platform and it vibrates so it's very good for lymphatic drainage and bone density. Apparently they invented it for astronauts so that they could exercise in the kettle because space was limited. Yes, it depends how lazy I'm feeling and how awake I am but yeah, sometimes I just stand straight and I might bend my knees and change the intensity of the vibration. Other times yes, I'll be up on my toes or I'll sit on it or do sort of using my hands on the platform. Yesterday morning was mainly standing with a bit of up on the toes and sitting and some arm working. Every, there's a minimum every second. It doesn't actually recommend that you do it every morning on the high intensity so if I do it on a low intensity, like if I do it between days it'll be a low intensity. What did I make? Oh, I was trying to be healthy yesterday. I made tuna, tuna rice salad and some grapes and strawberries. Usually about, if I walk to Alderley, which I did yesterday, 15 minutes. Sometimes for extra exercise I walk to Newmarket and that can take, depending which way I can go, it can take anything from half an hour to, oh yeah, usually about half an hour. If I walk to Windsor, it's usually about 50 minutes. Well now that the weather's cooler, I'm starting to walk again. I don't do it so much in the summer when it's hot because I like to incorporate my exercise into the day so I do that on the way to work and then it's done for the day. No, not at all. I normally do on the one I catch but I think even with the school holidays it's even less busy so. No, I chatted to a train lady friend we, a few of us have met on the train and so yeah. Central. Depends. Depends which train I catch and yeah, just depends how I'm feeling. If I walk to Newmarket or Windsor station, generally not. Sometimes I get off at the Valley and from the Valley, so, which is a bit further so. From the Valley, usually about 35, 40 minutes. Into the office, I got into the office about 10 to 8 in the morning. Yeah, it was. Yeah, we're generally fairly busy. Yeah. Not, I'm trying to think, not official meetings. Sort of had a bit of a chat with our team lead. So unofficial ones sometimes Karen and I might, like we just sit across from each other. No, not any official meetings, not yesterday. Sometimes we might be a couple of times a week and then don't have them for weeks. Actually let me clarify that with the meetings. We do have a team catch up, we're supposed to have it twice a week. Sometimes they have them, sometimes they don't so yeah. No, today, it was today. For lunch, I think yesterday it was about quarter past 12. No, I normally eat at my desk. I usually just eat and keep working. With lunch, not coffee or tea, usually a cold drink. I do, yeah. Yesterday I had a water. Yeah. I can't either, it doesn't really matter. Yesterday I left it just before 4.30, no Roma Street. Sometimes in the afternoon I'll get off at Newmarket station and walk home, so sort of reverse it. But yesterday I got off at Alderley. Yes, just across the road. Three, but they weren't actually that heavy, I just needed the bag. I actually bought stuff. When I have a meeting at work, I like to take some biscuits or something just to break out the meeting. I actually bought stuff for that. I bought Tim Tams and a dip, a savoury dip, and I had some savoury biscuits at home so I took them. What did I, oh actually, I was lucky yesterday. My partner had made a chilli con carne. All I had to do last night was heat up, which was a nice treat. Yes, yes, we've got a bad habit of watching TV and eating dinner. 7.30, we started watching a bit of the Mighty Ships or something, I think it's on 7.2, and then we changed it over to the Australian Story at 8 o'clock. Australian Story was about the America's Cup, Australia winning the America's Cup, but it was frustrating because it finishes weak. Yeah. A cat, oh, he's huge. We reckon he's a cross between a cat and a lion. He's a stray that we adopted. He was living on the street. There was actually a murder on the top side of our street, and we think the cat came from there and he was living on the street for a few months apparently and ended up near our place and made inquiries. Nobody seemed to want him, so we adopted him. So he was very traumatised when we first got him, very traumatised. People came to the house, he'd scat off, you know, he wouldn't want to be there. Now he just, he owns it. He sees people off when we have them over, he'll see them off and come out, and yeah, it's just a different cat. Very proud of him. But he's huge. I reckon it'd have to be about four, maybe four years now. Yeah. It took a couple of years for him to start to feel settled, but yeah, it's well worth it. And surprisingly, I'm not a cat person. I don't even know why I adopted in the first place, but yeah, I'm glad I did. Checking emails, I also go into this site called Lemosity, and you play a game which is good for exercising your brain. So they send a notification email just to remind you. So I go in and do that for probably 20 minutes or so. A bit of everything, it's memory metrics, so you know, you have to show your squares and then they'll disappear and you have to remember where they are. Words to improve your words. Mathematics. Usually there's about four or five games that they recommend, but then they have other games that you can play. I'm terrible with remembering people's names, so I focus, whether they, you know, suggest I do it or not, I always play this one called Familiar Faces. So it's a bit of fun. So yeah, I know I'm doing well in the game, but you know, so hopefully it'll improve, help my life improve. So yeah. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.