 I got up quite early actually, about 5.30 and had a shower, washed my hair and got on the computer and played my brain games. Just checked my email. I'd been organising a flight to Perth so I was just checking to see if that'd come through. Made my lunch and then did I walk to the station yesterday? No, I got a lift yesterday because I was running a bit late. Caught the train into Roma Street and came to work. Then at work I just mainly worked on the traffic cube. Didn't have any meetings as far as I... Oh no, I did have one meeting in the afternoon but as far as I can recall didn't have any sort of formal meetings. Ate lunch at my desk again, probably a ten minute break. And then I left about just before 4.30. Caught the train home to Alderley. Went over to Stafford Shopping Centre to change a blouse that was faulty. Met some friends when I was there, unexpectedly. Had a bit of a chat with them. Come home, had dinner, did a bit of housework, watched a bit of TV. Went to bed about... What time did I go to bed? I think it was about 10 o'clock. Yeah, I was, I was. I woke up early and sometimes I wake up early and I just stay in bed and laze but I wanted to wash my hair and straighten it and all that so I thought I might as well get up and do that and do a few computer stuff. I feel like I achieved something. Yesterday it was the Familiar Faces. I think I told you about that last week. They have one called Chookball Challenge. So did you want me to tell you about that? Yeah. Okay, so what they do is on the left side of the screen they'll have an addition or a subtraction or whatever and they'll have another one on the right side. So you've got to process whether the left or the right is the greatest, which is the greatest, so you just hit whichever is the greatest or if it's equal. So the idea is to get as many correct as you can in as short a time as possible. Yeah, or work it out. And you know, sometimes it's quite tricky like when you've got an addition on one side and a subtraction on the other, which is simple, it's simple stuff, but you sort of, sometimes you get the mixed up like I might add on the right side when I should be subtracting. It's quite interesting. Yeah, so I guess the idea is the recognition that you see it quickly and yeah, it's supposed to be good for having meetings and working out the best way to go if you're sort of travelling and all that sort of stuff. So yeah, pretty good actually. I think I'd gone up in that. They give you, at the end they give you a score and they tell you whether you've gone up or down. So, and you have the option you can replay the game again. So I usually try and replay it till I get up. One of the other games they did was follow the rules. So they might have, they'll have two boxes. One will be doesn't follow the rule, one is follow the rules. So then they might show you something like three triangles and it'll be a colour. And then you've got to guess whether it follows the rule. And then if you're right, it puts it in the right box and it'll show you another one. So basically you got to work out what the rule is. So it might be just as simple as the number two, because another time we'll have two and it'll be a different shape. So you got to work out whether it's like simple things like the number two, the colour, the feel just yeah. So it's different. It sounds like simple stuff, but yeah, I guess it's just to get your brain working different ways. Yeah. What did you have for breakfast this morning? Just a bit of fruit when I was cutting up lunch. Rockmelon and grapes. I did. Yesterday I just, I was trying to be healthy. I took some fruit, a couple of bananas, some grapes, some corn and I think just a boiled egg. Cut down on the carbs. No. I try to walk yes. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Games, no. I don't have a computer on the train. Oh no, I, what was I doing? I'm just trying to think if I, I read I think. Sometimes I meet some train ladies, we call them and we chat, but they weren't on it yesterday. So I caught a different train. So I just read, I just read the weekend magazine out of the newspaper. One on dementia actually, early dementia. And because I know a few people that have had dementia or Alzheimer's, I found that quite interesting. Yeah. I started just before eight o'clock. It was, it was more of a demonstration to discuss a business rule. So I'd set up some data and showed how it reports. So it was just a one-on-one meeting with someone. Wasn't in a meeting room, was just at my desk and yeah. No, not a lot. Not a great deal. A few, a few about compliance issues, but a lot of them were just delete, delete, delete from the service desk. Just before 4.30, yeah. I'd get it to Alderley. Alderley, yeah. And my partner picked me up. He had my blouse in the car and we just went over and swapped it. The round here, the arm, I'd only bought it on Saturday and hadn't worn it. And when I put it on, the arm was fraying. So it wasn't even something that could be easily stitched because the material had actually frayed away. Yeah. I'd rung during the day and ask them because I knew they had another one, well they did on the weekend. So they put that aside for me and just, yeah, no issues at all. Um, yes. Did I do some other shopping? I did go into the supermarket for some, can't remember what I bought. My memory games aren't working are they? No, no. We just had soup for dinner that I'd made on the weekend. Um, what was it that I got? I think I might've got some more grapes. Yeah. Because they're really cheap at the moment. Yeah. They're so cheap from the supermarkets. And I generally try not to get my fruit from there. I try to support the little fruit shop, but they were like three times the price. So I got them from the supermarket. Uh, no, actually I didn't this time. Um, I had dinner first and then I turned the TV on. I watched the end of Australian story, watched it last week and it was a two part series. Yeah. On the America's Cup when Australia won it back in the eighties or nineties. Uh, no, didn't read the book. No. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.