 Woke up at 4am, out of bed, got dressed, made breakfast for myself and for my wife, made my lunch, made her lunch for her to go to work. Had lunch, had breakfast I should say, went to work, then picked up one of the boys who was flying to Cairns to work there until Thursday. Came back to the office, I had a job to do at Gbung to examine a BMW sedan involved in an incident. I finished that, I then went to Nenango to examine a Suzuki Alto that had been involved in a fatality with a Mack truck and trailer last week where the woman was killed. I finished that examination up there and got fuelled at Nenango because I didn't want to take the punt that I might get home in time. And came back to work and finished work at about half past three yesterday afternoon. Sat around, talked to a few fellows yesterday at work. When I got back, went home and my wife was already home from work. Sat down and read yesterday's paper and had a beer. No, my body clock wakes me at four every, between half past three and four every morning, yes. If I've got to get up earlier than, if I've got to get up at three o'clock in the morning, yes I'll set an alarm but other than that no. Normal, none. I just had cereal. I had VitaBrit and some banana and some peach and some strawberries. Yes, what did I pack yesterday? I packed a sandwich for myself with chicken and cheese and mustard and some VitaWheat biscuit and a couple of pieces of fruit. My wife, she had some biscuits with Vegemite and a salad sandwich. I left home at twenty past five. No, he was already at work. He came in and I'm only five minutes from work. So I got there just after, just on half past five and picked him up and went straight down to the airport. Headed to the Gbung to do a job there. About twenty minutes. Yes. Looking at the BMW, I would have spent about two and a half hours. No, some, if they're easy jobs it'll take about an hour. If they're hard jobs, can take three to four hours to do the job. Oh definitely, yes. Unless they're trucks or semi-trailers or heavy earth moving equipment, it might take us a couple of days to do a job. I had my job to go to Nganango. It was part of a job that I had detailed to me involving a truck and trailer, which that was examined on hand. This was the second part that had to be done before the end of this week. I did that last Friday. Yes. About two and a half hours. No, it was a very easy job. It was a car that was totally demolished and it was one day old. Yes. Unfortunately, the woman who was killed had retired, just retired. She bought this brand new Suzuki? She bought it the day before and was travelling home. No, the investigating officers knew who was at fault. Our job was to ascertain if there were any mechanical defects in either of those vehicles that would have caused the incident. Suzuki Alto, there was nothing wrong with that, but there were several defects within the truck, which we are of the opinion that has contributed to the incident. Yes, there wasn't much of it left after being hit by a 16 tonne of truck and trailer. Fuelled up at Nganango on the way home, 65 litres. Yesterday morning, about two minutes, that was all. Yep. No, my wife did last night. She decided to cook the stir fry. Yes, I watched the news and then I watched football, Cowboys and the Knight. No, but I follow the Cowboys and they got flogged. I went to bed at about quarter past eight last night. I was buggered. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.