 from when I woke up. So I woke up, I got dressed, I jumped on my motorbike and drove to work and I parked under the police headquarters building and I came upstairs to my desk. I polished my shoes, as I do every once in a while, and then I made myself a nice cup of coffee, had a bit of chocolate to start the day and what did I do? So Monday is usually pretty busy for us on the project. So I ran a defect report for the project which tells me how many defects are outstanding with the various teams and then emailed that around to the team leads for their review. I updated our configuration item record, which is one of our project artifacts, and updated the resource plan and sent that around to the stream leads for them to do their weekly update on that. I noticed that some of them hadn't done their Friday update so I sent out a knacky email saying, oy, pull your finger out and do your job. I'm sure they appreciated that. And I then started doing some documentation reviews, working on one document at the moment, which is quite involved around some specifications for some file management. So I started working through that. I had some outstanding developer analysis I needed to include in another document from Friday. So I went through that developer analysis and updated a different requirements document. By that time, some of our team had started arriving, so we usually get in pretty early. It's just welcoming them to the week. And after a while it was time for our delivery coordination review. So our friends from that area came up and myself and the testing stream lead had a chat to them about how that was going and our current issues that were outstanding and the actions that they were going to take to address those during the day. We then have our project leadership meeting. So we had the stream leads come along to that and reviewed our achievements this week, our plan, what we'd accomplished, and drafted up the plan for the current week and what the responsibilities were towards that plan. Answered some questions. There was a bit of concern about timeframes and resourcing the usual challenges on any project. We then had our daily stand up where the whole team came in, provided their quick update on what they'd achieved the previous day, what they were planning to achieve the current day. And then got back to my desk, decided that I wouldn't do the team leads weekly meetings because we just had a couple meetings that morning and everyone had a lot of work to get on with so I cancelled those. Decided we'd also cancel the weekly full team meeting as everyone knew what they needed to do and there was no updates on some of the overarching items that we usually provide updates for at that forum. So went back to my requirements documents, worked through those until lunchtime. We have team lunches on Mondays so we all headed down the road to the local venue and had a nice team lunch which was very good. Came back, I think more documentation after that, lots of fun. And just general dealing with various issues that came up during the day. I think some of the current ones we're working on are around the performance in some of the higher environments for the application isn't running as quickly as we'd like so looking up some options around there. There's some suggestions that we could archive some of the older data that's not required to improve performance. I'm reluctant to do that as it's a bit of a cop out so pushing the guys to try and improve the performance regardless. They're doing further investigations there. We had an issue where we were missing some test data for one of our file specifications so chased up some of our contacts to see if they could provide more information on that. Got some good feedback quite quickly which was always a pleasant surprise and heard from one of our other developers that the business might have some information on that as well so engaged them for that. Continued working through all that. Headed home around five o'clock. We've got a ten month old baby so my job's to give her a bath every day so I went home to do that. Apparently she started clapping yesterday so I was quite excited to see how that went but wasn't much to see when I got home so I'll have to see how that goes. And yeah that's pretty much the end of the day. Five. Yeah. No sometimes I used to snooze it but these days with so much happening in the project there's enough cortisol there or whatever it is to make sure I get up. No not much for a breakfast person. Yep. Yeah it's usually about 5.20. Yeah it's only 10-15 minutes. Yesterday. No I don't think there was. That's what I did yesterday morning. I stopped off and bought some milk for the team. I buy the team milk for coffees and stuff like that so I did that on the way to work in the morning so I was a few minutes later than I would have been otherwise. Yeah about 5.40. No I was talking to the um what do they call them the cobbler about that back when I bought the shoes and he suggested just using a um a chucks to do it so that's what I do. I kind of think whether I should buy one of those brushes or not but he didn't seem to think they were required and he seems to be the expert so I'll take his advice on that one. Yep. Yeah Mondays are usually pretty chockers with meetings from you know nine through till two or three in the afternoon so you don't get a lot of work done unless they do come in early unfortunately. Our first arrivals usually get in about seven. Most of the teams usually around maybe half around eight o'clock and then the other half around nine, nine thirty. No distractions typically. So the delivery coordination one there's usually four of us there. The project leadership meeting there's usually five of us there. Then the stand up is the full team so it can be about ten or more. Currently there's about 200 defects across the entire project. That's of all criticalities well sorry of all severities from critical down to low. I see a few more than I'd like to see but yeah we'll see how it goes. So the guys work on them in severity order so the criticals get done the same day, hires get done as soon as they can and the mediums and lows usually get parked for a while. There's usually not too many criticals and hires and usually a pile of mediums and lows. So the three one-on-one team or stream lead meetings that are cancelled plus the weekly whole team meeting which is actually comprised of three separate meetings which is one for the meeting room itself which goes to a different group and then one for the team and one for the stream leads. There's a Japanese place down George Street. I can't remember the name off the top of my head but they've only opened up just recently so yeah quite popular and we used to go to the Transcontinental but they kept upping their prices until they drove all the customers away so yeah I had to find alternate venues but they used to be quite good. Yeah quite a few times. I ordered the katsu curry which is the mainstay on their menu. They've got a variety of other meals but I'd most of those now and the katsu is the one to get. Usually about 10 minutes or so. Isn't too bad. There were six of us there yesterday. Yeah we do team lunches every Monday. Not all the team comes along depending on their workload but I try to encourage them to come along. Yeah about 4.30. Yep straight home, rush home, save the baby and the wife. I didn't last night because I cooked up the previous night and we've now got some nice lasagna there for the week so we had some more of that last night. I don't normally but what was my wife watching? She was watching some of the new Twilight. We got the DVD collection so she hasn't seen the last one yet so she was watching a bit of that and I was ironing some shirts. Last night was about 10 o'clock. Only about half. I'm reading one of the Jason Bourne books at the moment. I don't usually get a lot of reading done each night but I get a few pages in. No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment No comment. Do a little database for you.