 Yesterday was Wednesday. Took a bit of time to get out of bed. It was a little cooler than normal. Got out of bed about 6. Normal routine, shower, hair, coffee. Coffee in bed. My husband bought coffee in bed, which was very nice. Porridge for breakfast. Got dressed. Moseyed on to work. Drove myself to work. Got to work just a little after 8. Struggling to get to work these days. I've taken a voluntary redundancy, so I finish on the 17th of May. So I had a lot of stuff going through my head as to what I need to do to clear up, clean up my house. Stuff at work. Went to work. Turned on the computer. Checked my email. Deleted about 87. Managed a couple of complaint matters on CSS. Scanned a couple of documents. Took a number of phone calls from various people. Had a lengthy phone call with somebody from the sex offences unit about developing a new course. Provided her with some information, some website links, some names and numbers in an email. That probably took me up to about lunchtime. Lunch. Oh, I went to get a Vietnamese soup at Inala for lunch. For myself and a couple of colleagues. So drove myself to Inala in my own car, not a company car. Organised a lovely soup. Came back, had lunch. The afternoon was much of the same as the morning. Attended to a couple of files. Chased up a few job opportunities for myself over the phone. Finished work at about 4.30. So really just trying general tidying up of some filing and some shredding and archiving of documents. And left the office at 4.30 and drove myself straight home and poured a glass of wine. I was home alone for three days. Husband and only child left of four have gone up to Caloundra. I went to Caloundra. I went the rest of the time. Had a lengthy chat with my daughter when I got home. Organised fish and chips. Went down and picked up fish and chips for dinner. Came home, poured another glass of wine and watched My Kitchen Rules and then I went to bed. Yes. Oh, five. Oh yeah, I'm the snooze queen. No, no. No, normally I need to be out of bed before six. Yes, yes. No, just make it with milk. Yeah, at about ten to eight. I drove. I drive. Oh no, I'm a public transport snob. Don't like it. Oh no, I know, I know. I've got a car park booked here at headquarters so I didn't have to catch the train. From homework, about ten minutes. No, no, I go against the traffic. Yes, yes. Normally half an hour to an hour. But yesterday, about an hour. No, there's always stuff to action. So first up, there was probably about ten or twelve to action first up. I'm a professional practices manager so I manage the Internal Complaints for Education Training Command. So it's just going through whether there are any current matters on the client service system. And I had a couple of matters to finalise and I had a couple of matters to chase up with investigators who've been given matters to investigate. About twelve, thirty. Ten minutes. Two. Oh, I just love Vietnamese soups. Fresh and healthy and po gar. Po gar chicken. No, no, I brought it. It was takeaway. No, I brought it back to the office. Yeah, we don't have the luxury of a meals room but we do have a table. Yes, I did. Straight home. White. Always white. Savignon blanc generally. No. I got home and I was just too tired and not bothered. Couldn't be bothered. It was just me. So no, it was fish and chips. We don't normally have fish and chips. My husband's not a big fan. So while he was away I thought I'd have fish and chips. A piece of crumb snapper and just a handful of chips. No, the news or just whatever was on just before My Kitchen Rules. It was Channel 7 News. No, Channel 2 News. ABC News. Yes. My Kitchen Rules. No, I'm undecided. I have a least favourite team. Do, they do. The two Asian girls. Happy to see them go. I'm almost at the stage of I don't want to watch anymore because I can't stand the pair of them. As soon as that finished. I think, was it on for an hour, so maybe 8.30? I was probably in bed by 9 after I showered. No comment. OK, no comment. No comment. No comment.