 Thursday. My routine in the mornings is pretty much the same. My alarm goes off at about, I think it went off at 5.30 yesterday. My husband bought me a coffee with warm full cream milk on the side. I'm very spoiled. I get that six days a week. I do Sunday. I lingered in bed for about three or four snoozes and got out at six I think. Normal routine, porridge for breakfast, shower, dry the hair, make up. I don't have to worry about children anymore so that's very nice. They get themselves organised. Drove to work, which is a normal routine. I leave home at about a quarter to eight. Get to work before eight, just on eight of them. Yesterday at work, managing just a clean up of my office for my departure on the 13th of May. Managed number of email, action number of email, filed some archiving, did a bit of shredding, packed a box or two, then travelled into headquarters with Assistant Commissioner Tony Wright for a meeting with Assistant Commissioner Mick Condon for an hour and a half. That was at 12 to 1.30. Travelled back to the academy. The afternoon was pretty much the same as the morning. Had a lengthy conversation with a colleague in the Australian Federal Police about investigative interviewing and where they're headed and who won their tender. Then I contacted who won their tender. It's just loose. That's better. Yes, I can. So I made contact with the Brisbane-based firm, Small Business, who won the AFP tender and am securing a meeting with them to explore some future employment options. Then I finished work at about 4.30. Travelled home by car. Yes, I think I went, no, stopped at the mailbox, checked our mailbox. No, stopped at the fruit shop and bought some fruit and some lettuce salad. Went home, marinated some chicken, got the salad ready. Then my husband came home, shared a glass of wine and got dinner ready. Well, I thought, forgot it was Thursday, there was no MKR. So I don't know what we won. Oh, Big Bang Theory, I think. And then I went to bed early. I was in bed by 9 o'clock. That was the exciting Thursday of my life. So you work at your son's? Oh, Australia Street's there at 5.30. Oh yeah. I wake up to the aroma when the alarm goes. Really? Yeah, yeah. Does he start work early? Oh, he's flexible. He has his own business. But he never goes before he makes me coffee. I always get the coffee. It's nice. He has memories of his grandfather doing that with his grandmother, for his grandmother all the time. So he wanted to do that when we were married. And hey, who am I to argue? Help him out and let him do what they're used to. That's right. Fulfil a need. So when you wake up, you had your porridge and breakfast? I did. No, just milk. I cook it with milk. That's all. To go to work? Yes. Oh, pretty cruisy. I go against traffic. No problems at all. So yes, finalising some files, sorting through some folders, getting ready for a handover for some of the project work, doing lots of shredding and archiving from my predecessor who didn't manage that so well. So just going through the filing cabinets and sorting out. The office will be taken over by somebody else not related to my role. Also securing access to the complaint service system for somebody to manage that once I leave. And what is the archive? I hand it to our archive person and say, does this need to be archived? She says yes and she does it. Good. Yeah, it's wonderful. So you're meeting at Headquarters 12? 12 to 1.30 is 11.20. Left the office at 11.20, travelled in my car. Lunch? No, lunch when I got back to the office. I always pack my lunch. Leftover apricot chicken and rice with some peas and beans and wasn't quite enough there so I had two corn crackers with sliced cheese. It was indeed. Yes, yes, yes. No, it's one sub over. And it's on my way home. So it's your normal routine? Normal routine. I didn't but my husband did. And then to the fruit shop to buy stuff for salad? Yes, and some fruit for the kid for today's lunch. Apples and mandarins. See what she'll be going through in the evening? Do you remember this? Oh yes, Sheldon was teaching Penny something about physics and he started off with Ancient Greece. Yes, it was in the afternoon and the sun was high in the sky. Yeah, yeah, that one. And then is it after that that you? Yes, I may have checked an email too and then went to bed with the view of reading but that didn't happen. Now I'm going to ask you a serious question and I'll mark it. Okay. No comment, no comment, no comment.