 Got up in the morning about 5.30, had my breakfast, got ready for work. Got a lift into work yesterday with a friend that lives in the street, which was very helpful. And just started work in my office and then I had an appointment that I had to go to up on the terrace and that took me about an hour. And then I came back to work and continued with my day. Then yesterday afternoon I caught the bus home and when I got home I quickly decided that I would go over to Indooroopilly because I needed to pick something up for my sister that I had purchased for her birthday on the weekend. It had arrived and so ducked over there, picked that up which was really good because that saved me having to do it on the weekend. And then came home and had tea, watched a bit of TV, did some household duty sort of thing, washing up and things like that and then watched some TV, went to bed. Yes I did. I had two Vitabrits and some brand and a cup of coffee. Yesterday I did, I had some leftovers, so I had some vegetables and some meat that I put into a microwave dish so I could heat up for my lunch. I usually try to, yeah, maybe four times during the week I'll take my lunch with me. It's only rarely that I don't bring my lunch in. With Sally? Yes. They work nearby to work? No, actually they work in police headquarters too and they just happen to be going past so it was really convenient. So does it save you a lot of time? It does. Stopping in the car is quicker than the bus because the bus has to stop at quite a few stops and then just with traffic being a little bit later it can take a bit longer on the bus. So yesterday was a nice way to start the day. I think about 15 minutes. Yeah, it was. So how long were you at work? I was at work for about two hours. Yes I did. It takes about between 10 and 15 minutes, it's not far at all. No I didn't. No, it was pretty good actually. I think it was around 10.30. Did you have a coffee? No, I was able to actually have a coffee when I finished my meeting and had that before I came back to work so yeah, it was good actually. So what time did you get there? Around midday? Yes, I did. Yes. I think I caught the bus about 4.15. Yes, I did. I was listening to my iPod. I was listening to, I've got podcasts, so I was listening to one of those. It's about a guy who has done research and written a book about an Australian man who was the originator of writing the rules for Australian rules, the creation of the Australian rules game, football game. Not really, it's just that this story was really interesting about the history of this guy in the 1800s who decided that he would start pencilling down some rules and that ended up being the rules they used when they created Australian rules football. Yeah, it was. And this guy had a really interesting history. Even though I'm not, I don't dislike Australian rules, but I'm not a passionate fan of it. I follow St Kilda. We used to live in Victoria for three years when I was a child, so anybody who lives in Victoria has to follow Australian rules. Do people recommend you go on and see what you like? No, no. I usually only have conversation hour with Richard Vidler from the ABC. I love his hour of interviewing and he has a whole range of really interesting people. Or walking, when I walk home. So, would you allow an hour out? No, no. I usually take me three and four trips before I get to the end of the hour podcast. So, to Indooroop straight up? No. Went home, did a few things there, but within 20 minutes of being, 20, 25 minutes of being home I would have been in the car driving over there. So, you'd ordered? Yeah, just picking it up. I had been at the store on Sunday and they were getting in. They had the item, but not just in the colour I wanted. So they got it in from another store. They rang me up on Wednesday to say it was there, so I decided I'd go and pick it up on Thursday night. I bought her a lovely piece of luggage because she's intending on doing some travelling. And this particular brand of luggage is, I've got, and it's really nice and lightweight and a good size with lots of safety features in it. So, I ended up buying a red. That's right. So, did you do any? Had a look. Had a look at some of the, it's a big sale on there at the moment, so I had a wander and my daughter came with me. So, we had a quick wander, but I wasn't really interested in doing too much. I really just wanted to go pick the item up and, you know, get home. So, did you cook? Yes. I had my shower and my husband made the salad and I cooked. We had some chicken and sausages on the barbecue, so I did the cooking on the barbecue. Oh no. What did I watch? I think I, there wasn't, oh I know, I watched a bit about Margaret Thatcher. There was a show, a documentary talking about her career as Prime Minister in England, now that she's died. By nine o'clock I'd turned it off and I was out of it. Now I'll ask you a series of questions. Yes. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. What's the significance of the no comment? So, I ask you questions that are true and then put them in the poll. Or to see where there's a change.