 What did I do yesterday? I got up in the morning about six o'clock, had breakfast, fed the cat, caught the bus to work and during the day did my work. Around lunchtime I went for a walk with a friend and some more work in the afternoon and caught a bus home yesterday afternoon and last night I went out for dinner with my daughter. Yes, it's just a local restaurant. It does mainly Asian food. Mainly just had some correspondence to do. I'm waiting for a report to come back so I checked up to see how much longer that might be and did some, yeah, just mainly office catching up correspondence compliance work. And what about after? We went for an early dinner so we were home by nearly half past seven so it wasn't a late night at all and then after we came home we had a cup of tea and then my mum came over to see us and dropped her dog off because we're looking after her puppy for her or her dog while she's away for a couple of weeks in Melbourne and yeah then I went to had an early night. So you woke up at eight? Did you stay in bed for a while? No, I got up because I should have been up earlier than that. So did you have to have a rushed breakfast or did you still get to? No, I still sat down and had enjoyed my breakfast. What did you have? I always have the same brick. I always, well I try to anyway, wheat bick and cup of coffee. Do you ever have anything different? Maybe on the weekends I might have poached egg and some bacon or something like that but pretty much cereal. I'm a cereal girl. Yeah, maybe toast every now and again I might lash out. Okay, yeah. So then you fed the cat in the morning as well? Yes. Do you feed him or her? It's a male cat. Yeah, dry food. Yeah, he's always meowing. He's ready for food in the morning. So yeah, I inevitably falls to me to feed the cat. I'm the first one up usually. So yeah. Does he get fed twice a day? Yes, yep, yep, that's right. So did you... Yes, not far. And how long... Actually not very long. I think I only had to wait a couple of minutes and then the bus arrived. So it was on time. And did you... No, I listened to my iPod on the way in. No, I was listening to a podcast and what podcast? It's interesting. What one am I listening to? I'm just trying to think which one I'm listening to at the moment. I've forgotten but yeah, I'm enjoying... I always enjoy conversation hours. What was your actual work schedule? Oh, I was at work by about half past seven and I left about quarter past four. You mentioned you were waiting for a report back. Yes. No, it didn't. So I'm hoping it comes back today. I've checked again with them today. So I'm hoping that it comes today because it's really important that I try and get it done because I'm going on holidays. How long are you going away? Five weeks. The 17th of May. Yeah, yeah, yeah, very close. So did they tell you what was due? Yeah, they're hoping that they'll get it back to me by this afternoon. So if that happens, and depending on how much work's involved once I get it back, I'll be... that's a major piece of work that I need to get done before I go on leave. So you won't know how to do it? Until I get back, yeah. So yesterday you went for a walk with your friend at lunchtime? Yes, yep. Did you go out? No, no, no. So we did an hour walk and then came back and then I just had my lunch at the desk. Did you walk anywhere? Yes. We've got a couple of routes that we take but yesterday we went over to South Bank and walked along South Bank and then over, not the Kurilpa Bridge, the other one, the one that goes near the university. And we walked back over and then back up sort of on the Coronation Drive walkway sort of thing back to headquarters. And you entered as well? Yes, yeah, yeah. It's really enjoyable. How many years do you do it? No, it's just sometimes if we've got something on that we can't do it, but we try and do it at least three times a week and if we can do it five, that's better still. But yeah, yeah, it is good. So you had your lunch and got back home. Did you just eat? Yes. What did I have? Oh, some fried rice, a small tub of yogurt and a mandarin. It was beautiful. Leftovers? Yes, yummy leftovers. So you finished work at? Yeah, it was one around between 4.15 and 4.30, I think the bus came. Yes, yes I did. So did you go to Baselton and head straight out? No, I went when I got home, I went next door and saw my neighbour who's got a little baby and I had a conversation with her and got to nurse the baby for a little while, which is so good. The baby is so cute. So that was lovely. And then I came home, had a quick shower and we went out. I think we would have been down there by just on six or just after six. We had an entree that we shared of fresh prawn rolls, rice paper rolls. And then we had, she had a chicken and cashews and I had pad thai. Yeah, it was fantastic. We spaced them. I don't like to have them one after another. So we just sort of sat and talked between the entree and then we ordered our main. So it's good. So when you got home, you just had a cuppy and your mum took it? Yeah. What type of dog is she? What sort of dog is it? It's like a little terrier. I'm not sure exactly what, I'm not sure whether it's a Jack Russell or something like that. I'm not sure. Well, we try and separate the two of them. The cat was upstairs at the time and then we quickly get the dog inside and get her out the back and yeah, so that they don't sort of meet because I don't think they like each other. Oh, well you've got two weeks and you can't separate them? Yeah, yeah, yeah. But that'll be all right. We've looked after the dog before. So yeah, it's workable. Just got to keep them separated. So what time would it have been? That I headed to bed? About 8.30. Okay. No comment. Did I what? Sorry? No comment. No comment. Report you all. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.