 Yesterday I got up in the morning, had my breakfast like I normally do, caught the bus to work, went into my office, started my day. I had quite a bit of correspondence that I had to get through in the morning. And every Wednesday there's a whole range of things that I have to do, so I just worked through those things, spent the day catching up, part of my day catching up with one of my friends who'd been to a big meeting, so it was really good to catch up with her and find out what was happening there. Her day was really hectic, so it was good to have a chance to talk to her. What else did I do? Dreadful. Ended up, no I didn't walk home yesterday, I caught the bus home yesterday afternoon, and then when I got home my daughter had to go to work, but she'd asked me to cook her a special tea, so I cooked her a special tea. 5.30? Yes. No, I usually am awake before the alarm, but it's starting to become quite cool and still dark in the morning, so I probably stayed there until about quarter to six. Yes, absolutely. Always have, I'm pretty religious around what I have for breakfast, so I just had my normal cereal and a cup of coffee, which is what I have most mornings. I have Uncle Toby's fried bread. Sometimes I walk home from work, but I always catch the bus in the mornings. It's not far, I do have to walk the bus stop, but it's not far. Actually it wasn't too bad. It's still school holidays, so you notice a difference when there's not school children on the bus. 6.00 No, I normally would be listening to my iPod, but I've left it with my daughter at the moment to upload some more podcasts for me. Yeah, just... Yeah, it's not a particularly long bus ride. It's maybe 15 minutes max, so it's really good. No, it actually isn't. It's just that I don't live too far from the city. About 7.30? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Actually, it took up a fair bit of my day yesterday because there was a number of monthly reports that were due, so I was going through those, going back through the file server, seeing what else needed to be done, checking another system and keeping up to date with my file management. Yeah. Yes, it was. It was... She'd been... She had a meeting that went from about 11.30 till after 1, so it was later in the day than I would normally see her. I would normally try and see her around midday, but we didn't catch up till later. And yeah, I had half an hour with her, which was really good. No, I'd already eaten my lunch, but I sat with her while she had hers. Two pieces of homemade pizza and an apple. Some pepperoni, cheese, some capsicum and mushrooms. Yes. Would have been around 4.15? Yes. I walked home the afternoon before today. Takes me about between 50 and 60 minutes. Yeah, just on an hour. It's a lovely walk. It's really nice. Towards the end, there's a few hills, which is a bit painful, but no, it's a lovely walk. It's a really nice way to clear your head by the time you get home. Work is far away. No. Yeah, I wasn't feeling particularly well and I thought, no, I won't walk today. But yeah, I try to walk home maybe two or three times during the week. Yes. No, she hasn't had a particular... She likes butter chicken and we haven't made it for quite some time. She asked me would I make it for her this week, so last night was the night. No. She did not. She'd seen a bottle in the shop and I said, oh, okay, I'll make it that way. It was nice. I liked it. TV. Yes, I did watch TV last night and I can't think now what I watched. Yeah, I did watch something. Oh, isn't that awful? It would have been something on the ABC. I love the ABC, so I'm not sure what it was, but anyway. About 10 o'clock. Mm-hmm. Oh, to every question? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. It's going to annoy me now....what I watched. Silly. I know.