 I actually had a really big sleep in. I slept until about 10 o'clock yesterday morning. I woke up, I made breakfast, made muesli for breakfast almost as soon as I woke up and then I watched a couple of hours worth of Jersey Shore at home. And then I got ready, I headed into work. I caught the 12.22 train into work, got to Roma Street at about one o'clock. I went straight to level one to the canteen and bought a toasted sandwich for lunch and then I headed up to the office and I did a few hours overtime at work. I went to get a flu shot at about 1.30, came back to work at about quarter to two and I was in the office until quarter to five. I caught the 5.02 train home from Roma Street. I got to Nudgee at about half past five. I stayed at home for about half an hour and then at six o'clock I hopped in the car and I drove over to Wellington Point to go to my jiu-jitsu class. And I was at jiu-jitsu from about 6.30 right through until nine o'clock when I drove home. Yeah, no, I woke up naturally. Yeah, I had an alarm set for eight o'clock because I wanted to wake up a bit earlier but no, my body needed the sleep. Yeah, I pretty much started off and then woke up when I was ready. I'm just coming off night shift so my body clock's a bit out of whack. I'm pretty sure I had muesli for breakfast yesterday, just oatmeal with maple syrup. About two and a half episodes. No, I've got Foxtel so there was, yeah, there was a Jersey Shore marathon on MTV. Yeah, it was, yeah. Guilty pleasure. Yeah, it takes about two and a half, three minutes. Yeah, no, no, I sort of have it timed so I get there pretty much on time. Yeah, more or less. You know, a few people but yeah, definitely not full seats. Yeah, I listen to music on the train so I just plug my headphones into my iPhone. Yeah, had it on shuffle so all kinds of things. Yeah, ham and cheese. No, I went up to my office and I ate in our tea break room. Yeah, no, I was, yeah, I went straight through. Got it in my right. I think I only spoke to one person who'd gotten it done. Yeah, yeah, that and where we, I guess, with our work it's hard to get away from the desk so sort of a toss-up between being available to work and having spare time to go and do that sort of thing. No, it was my rostered day off. Yeah, I was in the office for about four hours. Yeah, yeah, we've got a backlog of work at the moment so it's a bit of, it's a bit of extra money. No, yeah, yeah, quarter to five. No, no, every station. Oh yeah, yeah, it was. Yeah, I got a seat. Most people hop on at Central so that's when it fills up. No, I think I was just playing on my phone yesterday looking at Facebook and emails and that sort of thing. Had one piece of toast with peanut butter. About seven years. Yeah, yep, so yesterday I got there for the last half of the junior class so I hopped straight onto the mat and I helped teach that one and then we had about a five-minute break and the seniors hopped on the class at seven o'clock. I took the warm-up for that one so I taught and then after about half an hour I moved on to my own training. Yeah, probably about 18 months but only in the last couple of months have I gotten serious about the teaching and been, you know, taking classes from start through to finish. Yeah, it's a challenge. It's different, it's a lot different. Different. Yeah, I'm a brown belt. Yeah, so it's my next step that I'm training for at the moment is black belt but then obviously once you get to black belt you keep going. Yeah, yeah, I was on my blue belt for two years so yeah, I've been, I would have been training for about five years before I got my brown belt. So really big steps. So I'm probably looking at another seven or so months of training. Yeah, yeah, it was a pork chop. Yeah, it was a pork chop with veggies. Yeah, watched a little bit of TV and then headed to bed. Bones. You can tell I've got great taste in TV. About 11 o'clock. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Beautiful, thank you. So unhook this.