 I woke up about eight o'clock and then I just potted about the house having breakfast, watching TV, reading a book. Until 12.15 I had a doctor's appointment so I headed down to that, waited in the waiting room for 45 minutes before I got to actually see the doctor. Then after that I came home and I washed my car at about three o'clock so that was pretty exciting. Then at about four o'clock I hopped in the car and I drove over to Wellington Point for Jiu Jitsu. I taught a couple of kids classes, one at five, one at six and then I did my own seniors class at seven o'clock. Then when that all wrapped up I drove home, got home at about 9.30, had dinner and went straight to bed. Fun day, really exciting. It was just a rusted day off. I had Monday and Tuesday. I had muesli, homemade, very yummy with just plain yogurt. All sorts of things, oats, a bit of dried pear, dried pawpaw, seeds, nuts. I buy it pre-packaged and then I toast it in honey because let's face it, it tastes better that way. Not really, it was a mixture of whatever was on. I usually put it on the food channel. It's called The Trapeze Artist. It's about a middle-aged gay man who falls in love with a Romanian trapeze artist and he runs away with the circus. Quite sweet. I finished it yesterday. I did. I started the most recent True Blood books. A bit trashy, it's a guilty pleasure. They are. I left at 12, it's just down the road. I read my book, started to read the True Blood book and then just tried to pass the time on Facebook and that sort of thing, messaging friends. Tried to pass the time. No, it's a long one. I think I forgot to have lunch. It's really bad. I knew I had to wash my car so I washed my car and by the time I did that it was time to go to training. It was just washing, it was a half-baked effort. Too long? No, I guess about half an hour. It needed it. It takes about 40 minutes at that time of day. Those are really little ones, yeah. I think there would have been about 15 last night. Yeah, my goodness. We did the warm-up. We kind of got them into like three teams of five and got them to run up and do like five push-ups and then run back and take it in turns and run up and do five star jumps. I love that sort of thing. We do all that sort of stuff that takes about half an hour and for the last half an hour we go through techniques with them, like self-defense techniques, like if someone tries to strangle them or if someone tries to punch them or grab them from behind, that sort of thing. Yeah, no, I'm lucky I have my sensei. I'm learning to teach at the moment so he will sort of give me the lead and then come in and support me when he needs me. Yeah, there's still some really young ones in there but they've all been doing it a lot longer. They sort of are a bit more focused, a bit more switched on. A bit more well-behaved. Yes, yeah, often more. 20 in that class but last night it was quiet. 10. Yeah, the warm-up's a bit harder with them, a bit more technical. They do a lot more break-falling and that sort of thing and yeah, same deal, we'll warm them up for about 20 minutes, give them a drink break and then come back on and focus a lot more on technique. Just by the time my class comes on, yeah, and normally I would take the seniors through the warm-up but yeah, last night I just got to do it which was a nice break. It varies. Last night I think there were about 12-ish, 12, 13. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We've got in that class, I think youngest is 14, the oldest guy is in his 60s. So yeah, it goes for two hours. Between one and four just depending on how I feel. Yeah, I'm going to do two nights this week. No, I'm grading in October so I'm sort of, the big thing is I need to learn to teach so when I'm on the mat with the kids I'm teaching, that's the deal. Yeah, that's sort of the typical flow but it just depends on who's there, what sort of mood we're in. You know, some nights we'll just wrestle for a couple hours which is not what Jiu-Jitsu is about but it just depends. Yeah, you know, it was a bit fun. Yeah, I was teaching a bunch of, a group of new people that came on so it's always a bit different because yeah, they're not used to it and you're asking them to grab people but yeah. I had chicken, chicken with like a creamy sauce and veggies. No, my mum cooked it. I just ate and went to bed, had a shower. Penish, yeah. No comment. Thank you.