 I woke up very early. I woke up at five o'clock. I had a shower, washed my hair, blow-dried my hair, ate breakfast and I caught the 6am train to work. I got to work and started my shift at 7am and I worked right through until three. I had lunch with a friend at 12.30. We went down to George Street for sushi. At three o'clock I caught the train home. I watered my garden. Then I hopped in the car and I drove over to jiu-jitsu training at Wellington Point and we had a jiu-jitsu grading. So at five o'clock the really little kids had their jiu-jitsu grading and I helped teach and supervised that. Then at six o'clock there was another kid's jiu-jitsu grading and then at seven o'clock there was a senior jiu-jitsu grading that I helped out with and that all finished up about 9.30 and I hopped in the car and drove home. Had dinner, watched TV for about half an hour and then I went to bed. Ah no, my shifts in the morning start at seven o'clock so it's yeah it's not by choice. Yeah. Ah toast with butter and strawberry jam. Yes. Yeah about three minutes. Yeah. No. Every station. About 25 minutes. Yeah. Listen to music and you know checked Facebook and Instagram and no I just have it on shuffle. Yeah. Ah just the standard about 15. Usually none of them for me. General emails. It was good. It was quiet. Yeah it was a quiet day. No. No. It's not a standard part. Yeah. No. No. No. I'm quite fortunate I don't need to deal with external people very often. Yep. Yeah. Yeah just down to the food court there. Yes. Yeah. I had tuna and avocado and a honey mustard pork roll. Yeah. It was tasty. So it was yeah. I think it's 3.25 ish. Um no I think we're sort of missed the school kids. Just yeah I think people like me who are heading home from work early-ish. Yeah. About 10 minutes. Yeah. I had a piece of toast with peanut butter. Apparently I just live on toast. Um yeah no it was more or less just had a bit of toast packed my gear up and then hopped in the car. Oh it would have been about 15. Yeah. Uh no. No. There are a few different levels. Yeah. So we had some really little ones going for their yellow tip. I had a couple going for their yellow belt and then a couple going for an orange tip. They're so cute. Um I think she's about five. Yeah. Yeah. There's a couple of really small ones. Yeah. They do the things that the big kids do. So we take them through warm-ups which is you know general fitness and that just to get them moving. Um and then they do jujitsu techniques. So it's a self-defense. So they're learning to defend from punches and strangles and being grabbed by a stranger and yeah all things which is quite sweet when you watch a five-year-old. They um mostly go with each other but we'll get the bigger kids on the mat just to sort of put a yeah I suppose put a bit of pressure on them. Yeah. Because you know realistically if they're going to be attacked it's by a bigger person. Yeah. Yeah. Um higher grading level. So some of them are still quite young. Most of them are a bit older. Um so they were going for you know their orange belts, green belts, that sort of thing. Highest level was going for green belts. Yeah. Yeah. I think they're about 12-ish. Yeah. Yes. Yeah they did. I've never seen anyone not pass but um we don't we don't put them up for it if they're not ready. You know you'd pretty much have to they'd have to just not do anything not to pass you know. No. So we had kids on the mat who weren't grading because they weren't ready. So they were just there to help out and you know be a body for the other kids. Yeah. A few times a year. We have sort of a big one at Christmas and then we have a few smaller ones through the year. Yeah. There's probably about 20 people on the mat. They they're all um starting out so they were going for yellow belts and I had one going for an orange belt. So yeah. They did. They did very well. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So we had a lot of um higher belts show up and work as um bodies for them. Put a bit of pressure on them. Yeah. I think we've got a guy on the mat at the moment who's like 65. Yeah. Does everything. Hard work for him but he does it. Yeah. Uh they finished their grading a bit before nine and then it was just you know handing out belts and awards and taking photos. About half an hour. Yes. Lasagna. Lasagna and garlic bread. It was. Leftovers yeah. No my mother had. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Bones. Recording yeah. 10 30 ish yeah. Yeah. No comment. No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment, no comment, no comment. Thank you.