 I got up at 4am to let the dogs out as they were scratching on the door. I realised I wasn't feeling very well so I went back to bed. I normally get up at 4am for work. I went back to bed and got up again at 7.30. Still with a headache, phoned work to let them know that I wouldn't be in. Then I was just sitting on the lounge with a cup of tea and my husband noticed police cars out the front. Three police cars, they were going from house to house, appeared to be looking for somebody. He went down and spoke to them and they said that somebody had phoned to say that somebody was breaking into a house in the street and had we seen anything, which we hadn't and our dogs hadn't barked so we knew that there was nothing going on. Then that was about 9.30 and then a couple of hours later, heck, my husband had just gone to bed as he works afternoon shifts so he went to bed for his two-hour sleep. The police came back, three more cars, 10 or 11 officers, some of them were plainclothes. They all ran into the driveway directly across the road from us and there was banging and crashing and thumping and banging on the doors. Then they spotted me because I was on the deck at this time. They spotted me and came over and spoke to me and asked had I phoned them to report something. I said no, it wasn't me, I just saw you there earlier speaking with my husband and he basically interviewed me, I think. I don't know, he was taking a heap of notes. Then they left again and I just stayed home. Popped a norephine a couple of times, the headache went eventually. I think I was just tired from my husband snoring all night. He's a bad snorer. I watched Alan. I watched, we have Foxtel IQ, so I just watched a bit of recorded CSIs. What else did I watch? I don't know. A bit of the morning show, whatever was on. I don't have an alarm. I wake at 4am every day without an alarm. Body clock? No, no. But I think I probably should because I wake frequently thinking, oh my God, have I slept in? And I wake up and I look at the clock and I'm like, great, it's 1am. Great, it's 1.20am. Yeah, I probably need to set an alarm so my brain can get into that, go into a good deep sleep mode. But then I try not to wake my husband because he gets home very late. It's okay for him to wake me snoring, not vice versa. Yeah, two dogs. One's a Tibetan Spaniel, that's Sam. And the other one is a Cavalier Cross, her name's Matilda. Tilly, she turned nine last December. And Sam, we got her from a pup, so we know exactly her birth date. Sam we got from the pound about five and a half years ago. So we think he's about to turn 10. We're guessing because he was dumped. So they said at the time when we got him, he's about four. So we just make his birthday the same day as Tilly, but he's a year older. The kids made that up. Sam's the schizo one that runs around like, you know, an idiot. And Tilly just sits there and gets pampered too. Yes, that's probably Tilly. She's too lazy because she knows that no matter what she does, she's still going to get fed. And Sam's all like, oh my God, there's a noise. I have to go see what it is. And that's why when the police were there yesterday saying that something was happening across the road, we knew that there wasn't because the dogs go berserk if anybody walks past. Oh, yeah. If somebody pulls up, if somebody happens to walk past with a dog, they go nuts. Even if somebody just walks past with a pram, they just go nuts. So we knew that if there was something happening with this house, it must have been in the backyard. No, yes. I was just going to see how I was feeling when I woke up again. But by 7.30 when I still woke up with the headache, I just thought it's not worth it. A quarter to quarter to two, I work. Yeah. I got put through to the monitoring studio. That's the number that you call up until 8am. Yeah. Yes. Time, yes. Yeah. Door to door looking for a house that had supposedly been broken into. Well, apparently they just said, oh, somebody phoned like anonymously and said there is a house being broken into. But then the second time they said which house it was, and I don't know who phoned in, but they would be able to track whoever phoned them, obviously. But when they came across and spoke to me, they're like, oh, did you phone us? I'm like, no, no, it wasn't me. Maybe 10, 15 minutes, they just left. And the second time it was maybe, yeah, about the same. But they knew specifically which house they were looking for and they were all running around the back up the drive and the person, the tenant that lives there was hiding from them. I knew he was home because I'd seen his girlfriend leave at, she left about 9am. She went for a walk up the street with her new baby because I saw her Friday and she was pregnant and saw her yesterday with a baby in the pregnant. Yeah, so I'd seen her go up the street about 9am and he didn't go because we can clearly see their house from ours. Used to be until the last maybe four years. It's really, there's police there all the time, a house across the road and up the street a bit. This seems to be going a bit downhill. Yeah, maybe four minutes. Yeah, just took some notes. I told him that I worked here and he said, what do you do? And I said, I'm just admin. So he took down name and phone number and everything. Yeah, probably just checked that I was telling the truth. Yeah, I had lunch about 12.30. I just had a couple of pieces of toast. But yeah, by about 12, by like the second lot of Nurofen. I'm pretty sure it was just, just a bit of stress. Yeah, and then having to run around after the children of a night time, taking them to work, etc. So she'll get her license this time. No, no, no. What did we have? We had minestrone out of a tin and toast. I said to the kids, if you want something fancier, there's the pantry. Yeah. No, we just had minestrone. 7.30 I was back in bed. Mmm. Absolutely. Sure. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.