 I got up at 4.15am without the alarm clock, had a shower, got dressed, left the house at 4.45am, drove to Albion station where I caught the 5.18am train to the city, got off the train, went and bought coffee and toast and got to work about 20 to 6am. Then I did some transcription, updated some reports and spreadsheet. I went and bought banana cake for morning tea. Then we had a meeting at 12 o'clock which went till 1.30am. It was about my new position. Then I left at quarter to two, walked across to Rome Street, caught the train back to Albion, drove to my daughter's school, picked her up, went and picked up some dirty smelly costumes, took them home and washed a few. Then I cooked dinner and then I sat down and watched a couple of shows. Then I went to bed at 10 to 8am. No comment? Oh yeah, pitch black at quarter past 4am. So you don't struggle with your body? No, I'm actually waking at 2.58am and then I go back to sleep. So I go back to sleep and I look at the clock about every five minutes. I've now set an alarm because I'm trying to fool my body into thinking you don't have to wake up, the clock will wake you up. But it's still 4.15am. But I'm still waking up. I think I fell back to sleep on and off and I eventually woke at about four o'clock and then I just listened to the news and got up at quarter past. No, I got up before it beeped. I turned it off. I just saw 4.14am and then I got up. So you see how the alarm goes in the next few weeks? Yeah, I don't know. I think my body's just used to it usually. But yesterday it was a little bit busy. Today was even worse because I caught every red light. It's really frustrating. So it is the light? Five minutes. There is quite a few but it really only makes about five minutes different. Parking in the traffic? I'm the first car there. I park the closest that you can. Always get that spot? Always. I'm the only one in the car park at that time. No, there's about anywhere up to 15 people. But they obviously park elsewhere or downstairs or you know that end or across the road. Yeah, there's lots of parking. I just seem to be the first one up upstairs. And did you do anything? No, because my phone was flat. So I just stared at other people looking at their phones. All the tradies, yeah, who are half asleep. And then when you got off, did you get that? No, across the road, the coffee booth, you know, the little... it's owned by Asians. Yeah. Do you work? I have my coffee on a Monday... oh, yes, it was Tuesday. I just have a skinny cap with two sugars. But on a Monday, it's usually strong because I'm really tired. Last night? Yeah. Five of you were right, eh? Yep. Yeah, I just turn the computer on, go and fill the kettle for other people and check my emails while I'm eating brekkie, drink my coffee while I'm eating brekkie, updates, spreadsheets, you know. Yeah, the first person comes in about six. There's usually one or two and then nobody till seven. And yeah, quite a few come in at seven. Yesterday, two. Three. No. No, I went to the hole in the wall and bought some. I usually make it, but I just didn't get lazy. Is it as nice as you make? I make banana cake. My banana cake's good. I've never tried to make bread because I just... But it's really expensive if you buy it. It's like four dollars a slice. It's good, but it's expensive. So I don't do it every day. And then you have... Mm-hmm. My current supervisor, who will be my new supervisor, and another guy, Nathan, that's writing the procedures. How long is it, piece of string? It's still not happening. It's been nearly two years. Yeah. This is the first official meeting of what they want me to do, but I still can't start because they're just still writing things. And yes, it was a brand new position. Nobody in Queensland does it. So they're still struggling to work out what I'll do. And is this recording? Yeah. I don't understand why they advertised the position two years ago when it's not ready. So I've just been floating for two years, not doing anything. Well, I'm doing transcription, but not doing what I was promoted to do. Yeah. I hope so, because I'm really bored. I think you're leaving. Oh, that's at 1.54. Yeah, it is. You still see some of the morning crew, only a few, because they tend to work until two, whereas I finish at quarter two. So yeah, you get to see the same faces on the same trains, different times. They were from Friday night when she danced in the Stedford, they wore footloose costumes. So there was a massive tub, really, really heavy, really, really stinky. It was the leotards, the crop top, ribbons, shoes. Some kids left their stockings in there. Some kids didn't leave their shoes in there. So they're all, I had to label everything before I took things out of bags. Did you volunteer to help out? Yeah, I'm on the parent committee. I am a dance mum. Well, there's only three of us out of like a hundred kids. Someone's got to do it, or the kids can't do what they're doing. No, it was at St. Laurent College in South Brisbane. There was heaps, there was 40 or 50. It went for like two or three full days. But our school only performed on Friday in three separate dances. She performed in two dances and the first dance that she performed in, they got fifth out of 18 schools. So they did really well. Yeah. I went and like washed one just to test that it went okay and didn't fall apart. Because the teacher said to hand wash them and I thought, no, it's a lot to hand wash. So I put it on a really gentle wash and kept pulling it out every couple of minutes and it was fine. So I then threw another seven in. So we've got eight down, about 20 to go. It's a big job because you can't just hang them. You've got to lay them flat and then they'll let it be in the sun. And you know, you can't, I've had to lay them on towels because you can't put them over the clothes horse or the rail or leave a kink. And that's your job for the new days? Yeah. And then you prepared dinner? We had cannelloni and salad, spinach and feather. Yes. And a sleep by about 7.51. Nice. Yeah, it was good. So I'm going to ask you a series of questions. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. All done. All done.