 I worked. Woke up at 4.32, I actually slept in. Yeah, woke up with a bit of a start because I'd slept in. Ran upstairs, hopped in the shower, got out, got dressed, got in the car and drove to the station. Got to work about 5.30, got a coffee from the coffee booth down in the street. Came to work, I think I walked in, sat at my desk about 20 to 6. Then I just completed some spreadsheets that hadn't been done for about a week and a half because I've been off sick with the flu. Then I went to the bank and cashed some coins in. Came back, did some more typing, ate my lunch. Quarter to 2, I left for the day. Caught the train, got off the train at LBN. Is this what you want to know? Yeah. Got off the train at LBN, drove home, I think I got to the school right on the bell time, picked up my daughter. Then I drove her down to Strathpine where she took her driving learner's test. She passed that. Then we went home and then I cooked dinner, sat down, we ate dinner and then I just sat there and watched TV and went to bed about 8. So you mentioned you woke up at 4.32, you'd slept in. What time? I don't actually have an alarm. I normally just wake up at 4 or 3.58 on the dot. My body clock just goes off at 3.58 now. But I'd had such a bad sleep overnight that I must have gone into a deep sleep. Then I woke up and went, oh crap. I still made the train with five minutes to spare, but it was just that rush, thinking if I get caught in traffic or... because there is traffic at 5am, which is ridiculous, but there is. Hardly waking up at 5am. It's pitch black. You have no idea what time it actually is. No. Well normally if it's summer, you can tell because it's just starting to get light. I can sort of usually tell what time it is. So when I woke up and it was just, just starting to get light, I thought something's not right. And then I looked at the clock and thought, yes, you're late. So you had half an hour less to get ready. Yeah. I don't have breakfast at home. I usually buy toast or have porridge when I get to work. I bought toast. Yeah, sorry. I did buy toast and a coffee. Yeah. The drive? It took about 25 minutes yesterday. Is that about normal? Yeah, 20, 22 minutes. If I leave 15 minutes earlier, it's only saving me three minutes. And then I sit at the station for a long time. So when you got to the station... Yeah, yeah. It was still really good timing. And the train you train? No, no. It's only a three carriage. It's the second train for the day. Might be the first train from Shorncliffe, so it's quite crowded with tradies. The carriages are all full of fluoro orange and yellow and people sleeping. Do you get a seat? Yeah. A couple of times I haven't though, because it's so crowded. It just depends. If the people go to sleep, they seem to stretch out and take up two seats or four seats. But I only go four stations, so it doesn't bother me. If I have to stand, I just stand and try not to fall asleep. Yeah. So do you read a book or listen to music? I usually just get on Facebook on my phone. So you got coffee, toast at work and then ate about five. Now was yesterday your first day back at work? Yes. So were there quite a few? Yeah, there was over 100, but most of them were rubbish stuff that didn't, you know. Yeah. Out of those over 100, how many did you read? Probably only two. Like I read the ones that I had to read, but actually reply back. Probably only two. Yeah, I don't usually get many emails that require me to do something other than go, okay, I've read that. Yeah. And was there a bit of catching up to do with your spreadsheet? Yeah. Because I usually fill out the spreadsheet every day with what's happened the day before. So I had from Friday, two weeks ago, to do Friday, Saturday, Sunday, all of last week. Yeah. So that took me a good hour and a half, which was good. It made the day not drag like it normally does. So you handed out things? Social club coins. So were they all currencies? Yes. There was $254 and of that, the only note was a $5. Yeah. So it was very heavy. I put it in my handbag and it went. Were they mostly gold or silver? They were mostly 20s, 20s and 50s. So for lunch yesterday, did you bring your lunch? No, I bought sushi when I went to the bank up at George Street. Did you bring it? I did. And I put it in the fridge and then I ate it at 1130. So you left work at one five? Mm-hmm. The train home a day is quiet, is it? Yes, because it's before the trade is finished and it's before the school kids. So it's usually only the people that do the hours. Like it's not, it's never packed. So do you like that shift? Love it. Well, I get to pick my daughter up from school at 2.40 at Dackervan. So, you know, usually by three o'clock if I don't have to take her to work, I'm in my pajamas. Yeah, I love it. So you hop off the train and in the car and straight to the school? In the car at 2.08, driving out of the car park 2.08 and I go straight to the school. So going home takes me about 30 minutes. It's always longer in the afternoon because you've got churn side traffic on Gympie Road. So you always, and if you get stuck at lights, because generally coming to work, if I get one light, I get them all. But coming home, if you get one red light, you get them all. So it's always longer. And what time, does she have an appointment for a learner's test? No, no, you don't need an appointment. You just rock up, pay the big bucks. And she took the test and she only got two wrong. But while we were waiting for her, while I was sitting there waiting for her to do the test, five other kids did it and four of them failed. Oh, wow. Because they, and they're all boys. They're all, you know, I don't just study. Yeah. So had she been studying? Oh yeah. Yep. For a couple of weeks. Did you have to wait long when you got there or was it? No, it was straight away. And do you know what the percentage is? How many you can get wrong? I think you can get, there's 30 questions and I think you can get three. Any more than three's a fail and she got two. So she was pretty happy. Yeah. So did she drive home? No. Too early? No, well she wants to learn a manual and I took the automatic car there and she's never driven like with my other daughter. I took her to a shopping center car park first rather than on the big bad scary road in peak hour. Yeah. Yeah. So, um, after that you went home for dinner. What did you make? Uh, we had reheated spaghetti bolognese from the night before and it was awesome. It's always the best the next day. Yeah. Yeah. And, um, what did you watch last night? Oh crap. Let's see. Um, Home and Away. Then we watched, I don't know what I watched after that. Cause we have Foxtel so, and we record a lot of stuff. So we just basically watch whatever's recorded. We're big into the CSI shows. Um, and my husband's home sick with the flu as well. So he was watching a lot of TV one with Becca and Cheers and Frazier and, um, Raymond. So, and like whenever he was watching something, if it didn't interest me, I just jump on my laptop and look around usually on Facebook. Let's face it. I'm addicted. Well, he normally works afternoon shifts, so he's never there normally. So that's just what I do because my girls are teenagers. They don't want to talk to me. So they go to their bedrooms. So I just usually jump on the laptop and catch up with family or friends or whatever via Facebook. And then you were in bed about? Eight o'clock I went to bed. Yeah. All right. So I'll ask a series of questions now. Um, so did you wake up at no comment earlier than your normal? No comment. Did you arrive? No comment. No comment. You have over a hundred emails. No comment. Did you have to act? No comment. Did you go to no comment? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Hi. Well done. So I'll stop.