 Um, okay, so I wasn't feeling that well, so I slept in a bit longer than usual yesterday morning. Um, and then, yeah, just had some toast for breakfast, um, played with the dogs for a bit, um, and, um, just had to do a bit of a clean up downstairs. Our son's back home, so he's making lots of mess. Um, then, um, headed into work, um, had the normal nine o'clock, uh, meeting. Um, there wasn't much, um, to report of in that meeting, so that was good. It was a relatively short meeting. Um, so then I was able to, uh, draft up a daily email that I, um, send out to the team and put a bit of extra information into it. I'm a bit rushed with that, so that was good. Um, then, um, I had some, uh, activities around, um, trying to, um, work out how to, um, secure some funding to, um, purchase some services and, and products, um, which is interesting. That's a bit new, new for me here. It's my sort of first financial year here, so I haven't been through that process before. So, um, just, yeah, finalising those quotes and, um, speaking with the people in finance and logistics about, um, what processes I'm going to have to go through in terms of trying to spend the money that they want us to spend. Quite bizarre. Um, um, then, um, um, I had some, uh, I had a meeting, uh, that would have been about, um, probably just before lunchtime maybe. Uh, actually during lunchtime, that's right, I had two meetings, um, through lunchtime. Um, and they were likely to discuss, uh, ITCS, um, so the, the traffic camera office, um, so their system so that we can make sure that we can fine everyone for running red lights and speeding. Um, they're transitioning support for that system, um, from like the project team across to ISB's BAU areas. Um, that doesn't affect me too much because we already support their service, um, but it's just about making sure that they update their, their documentation and, and all that kind of stuff as part of that transition. Um, the second meeting, um, was, um, more with my, uh, my boss around, um, he's been away, he was away sick last week, so just an update on, uh, activities that are, that are taking place. Um, that was quite a long meeting, um, in terms of updating him as to, um, tasks that are outstanding and, and, uh, getting advice from him on progressing other activities, um, and discussing HR changes and, um, trying to get more resources and, and all those kind of things. Um, and, uh, basically I think, uh, because I wasn't feeling well, I'd already discussed that with him, um, I, um, I arranged not to go to the afternoon meeting, which is good because I really wasn't looking forward to the afternoon meeting, um, um, and, um, and yeah, I went home early, so, uh, that's probably about 3.30 or so I think. Um, so yeah, I called up, um, my partner and told her I'd come and pick her up early and, uh, drove into, down to Adelaide Street where she is, um, picked her up and went home and, um, then I basically, yeah, had a nap and, uh, she worked me out for dinner, um, had lasagna, that was good, had about three servings of lasagna, um, and then some, um, uh, apple pie as well, so, um, and then, um, watched, um, uh, we recorded a show called Bob's Burgers, um, which is like a cartoon, um, so yeah, we watched that, it's about a 30 minute show, and then, uh, basically, yeah, went, went back to, to sleep after that, and that was about it for yesterday I think. Nah, I just turned it off and went back to sleep for a bit longer, the dogs didn't come in the room, so that let me sleep a bit longer. Uh, probably about another hour I suppose, probably, well it goes up at 6, I don't think I got up until about 7. Uh, it's just fruit toast with some butter. Nah, I had stuff to do, I didn't feel that average, so once I had a shower and stuff I felt alright, so, yeah. Uh, yeah, it's like someone drank bottles everywhere, and like the dogs have stolen his underpants and all this kind of stuff, so yeah. Yes, um, oh just before 9, yeah, just before 9. Yeah, there's about 10 people in that meeting. Two's away, and yeah, um, you know, any, there's recurrent, I've basically got a template that I update, you know, so there's recurrent notifications that I can modify if I have to, or, um, like major changes that are happening to infrastructure that day, so that they're aware if there's any issues stemming from that, so yeah, that kind of stuff. Uh, normally it only takes me, you know, about 5 minutes, because I just, yeah, just modify the template a bit and then, then can send it out, um, but yeah, sometimes if I've got more time, then I sort of, people would have sent me stuff during the week about updating sort of training resources and things like that, so I can then add all that kind of stuff in, um, so yeah, it probably took me about 15 minutes or so, I suppose, yesterday. It's a good question, yeah, so basically they, um, um, there's an underspend, so yeah, they want to spend money, um, but yeah, it's a bit funny, there's these kind of limits, you know, around like 50,000, 100,000, 150,000, where the different processes kick in, so yeah, I'm still trying to get used to, in some respects it does seem like, yeah, it kind of depends how they're feeling on that day, which process they want to put you through. Um, but yeah, some of the stuff, like it's been approved to like do the work, but it was approved to be done as a BAU task, and now we've got less resources, we're saying we want to engage a service, so yeah, and some of that stuff, they're sort of going okay, well no worries, approved to do the work, and other stuff they're like, nah, we want you to redo your, they've got this thing called the NIP, which, um, you have to resubmit and go to, you know, the floor management and present it and get them to put a rubber stamp on it, so yeah, yeah. Well defined, I'd suggest. Yeah, yeah, I've got a couple of different ones in, I seem to be going in a couple of different directions, yeah. Yeah, no, I finished, I didn't finish up having lunch yesterday, I didn't realise that till later, but yeah, um, yeah, I didn't have lunch really yesterday. Yeah, probably, yeah. Yeah, we have a fortnightly meeting, so yeah, that got postponed because he was away, so yeah, we just, we have a standard agenda, but yeah, it just took a bit longer than normal because I had more to catch up, um, catch him up on. Nah, about 3.30. Yep. Uh, yeah, probably had two or three hours. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Nah, my partner cooked lasagna. Yeah. Uh, yeah, okay, um, it's basically about a guy who, um, his dream is to have a, his, a hamburger restaurant, so he does, um, and it's just him and his wife, they live upstairs in the hamburger restaurant, it's American, um, and they've got three kids, um, like two girls and a boy, um, they're all sort of, you know, I guess sort of that 13, yeah, sort of, yeah, probably, yeah, 8 to 13 type range, um, and yeah, I mean, there's interesting characters, I guess, it's quite amusing, so yeah. Last night's episode was about, um, a guy rocked up with a truck with a cow in the back and, uh, and brought it out and said, you know, you know, you're all murderers and all the rest of it, and he set a timer for like three days and it's like, okay, in three days you're going to have to decide if this cow goes to the abattoir so you can make hamburgers or, you know, or if it, or if you're going to set it free or, or whatever else, so yeah, the whole episode was, yeah, basically around his relationship with this cow and all the rest of it. Uh, in the end, it actually died of a heart attack, so, so yeah, it was funny. Yeah. Uh, that was about 8.30. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. I'm trying to think, like, is that the idea, like, you need to get a whole bunch of different no comments?