 Okay, this is good so you'll get to understand why Ben and I are talking about my dog. So yesterday morning I think I woke up normal time, 6.15, alarm goes off, turn it off, go back to sleep for another 15 minutes, wait for the second alarm, dogs come in, wake me up then go to sleep. I think I got up at about 7 o'clock, my son was up, he wanted stuff from the shops so we got him to write a list and gave him some money so he could go to the shops later. Then myself and my partner we, yeah, drove into work. I drove to the car park and she was going to walk from there. It was nice and sunny when we left but when we got to the city it was a bit rainy so yeah I grabbed her the umbrella and stuff and she was alright, managed to clear by the time we went downstairs. Then I came in in the morning and just checked if I had to do anything for the morning meeting which I didn't. Put together my daily email, went off to the morning meeting, didn't really have any activities from that. Sent the morning email, had a regular 10 o'clock meeting with the team, just a quick 10 minute meeting. Then I spent probably most of yesterday on funding stuff still. I think that was the last time I was talking about it here too, god. So yeah, it's still going. So yeah, we're deciding whether we're going to extend one of the vendor engagements we have because we're having some problems with that and some of the options that we can do to possibly change who they've assigned to us or get extra support or everything else. So having fun getting quotes for that. And also preparing some documentation to go to peer review for some funding approvals that we got. But now we've got the money, now we have to get approval to buy products. Just another layer of approval apparently. So yeah, putting that together. Had a HR meeting in the afternoon with one of my staff because he's one of the people being redeployed. So that's a regular weekly thing. That's sort of ongoing and it's a bit of stress for him obviously. So that takes a while, about an hour or so. And then typing up the minutes for that. And yeah, then I think I finished up trying to put the finishing touches on those submissions for peer review and the budget stuff. I think I left about 5.30. Kind of picked my missus up from the city, we went to Officeworks on the way home to get some stationary stuff for her because she had a job interview coming up. And we went and got to the shops and got some, just like a barbeque chicken for dinner because she was going to be doing stuff for her job interview. And then came home and recorded the college basketball final during the day that happened. So yeah, got some dinner together and sat down to watch that. So before that I bring sultanas into work normally to eat, you know those little packets. So I grabbed some of those and I put them in my, I got like a satchel and sat down on the bed, you know, putting the satchel, locked the satchel, sat down and watched the basketball. And then about three minutes later my missus is like, oh you might want to come and look at this dog. So yeah, my dashound is up on the bed and is trying to bury its head into my satchel to try and steal the sultanas. So yeah, I took a photo and posted it. That's how I'm being, he loves the antics that my dashound gets up. She's got a lot of personality. So yeah, because sultanas are actually really bad for dogs. But yeah, she can't get into the bag so it wasn't a big deal, I just moved it. Otherwise she was going to tear my bag apart. So yeah, watched the game, it's about two hours, watched the game. My partner, she went to bed early and then yeah, I think I went to bed probably about 11 o'clock or so. Great game, great game. Yes. Oh, should I be saying no comment to these? Okay, sorry. What day? Um, no, I don't think I did yesterday. Nope. Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, not in the end. It's good. About 8.30. Yeah, at the moment, yeah. Yeah, it was during about 10. No, I don't drink coffee or tea. No, it was pretty short time yesterday. Yeah, just two's away and just one procedure change and a reminder. Yeah. Uh, yes, yes, we had one person running late. Yeah, depends who it is, but yeah, generally it does. No, because they're only running a little bit late, so it wasn't a big deal. No, no, I brought my lunch in. Bruschetta. So yeah, you get little, I guess they're sort of, you know, about this big, which works well in the audio obviously. And yeah, you know, just yeah, in the morning I chop up tomato, bring in. I've got salt and olive oil at work already and just bring some basil leaves in and just put it together, just toast, put them in the toaster at work and then put them together. Yeah, when I'm trying to, yeah, be good, that's what I'm eating at the moment. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a good question. No one, no one knows. Part of the, it's part of the meeting. Uh, yeah. Oh yes, I had, I have often have sort of informal meetings with my boss because he's acting up at the moment, so we don't have our regular catch up. But as I sit just outside his office, he's often like, hey, come see me. 5.30. Yeah. We went straight downstairs. Yep. No, we went straight there. Um, just like a folder to sort of put some documents in to display that she'd, um, she'd sort of created in her old role. Um, and some more pins for our notice board. They're like dog bones and little dogs. No, we just, we just got a barbecue chicken and some rolls and um, yeah, just, just had that with sort of some jed salad and stuff for dinner. No US. Um, so Louisville Cardinals and Michigan Spartans. No, I don't really follow a college team, so yeah, it's just interesting to watch. It was a really good game. Yeah. Very good. Louisville. Yeah. They were down 12 at one point in the first quarter and then yeah, they managed to manage to come back and then it was sort of backwards and forwards for most of the second quarter and they finished that winning by three I think. So yeah, it was a game. Um, I think it was, um, 82-78 or something like that. Yeah. Um, I just, um, I think I watched some American Dad and South Park and then I started falling asleep on the couch. Um, yeah, yes, there's the episode about where the boys all go to like a, um, one of those water parks and everyone's peeing in the water and stuff and then it reaches a critical mass and yeah, it goes from there. No, yes he did. Yeah, there's a big flood of pee and he got drowned. Yeah. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. So yeah, they should all be the same because Ben reckons it's more about like that, like subconsciously you think about the question anyhow as to whether it's true or not and that changes like how you respond. I reckon they're all supposed to try and be the same. I don't know. You keep guessing.