 Okay, right, thought I'd let the cats out and go for a bit of a wander in the morning. Had breakfast, my son's on school holiday so he can sleep in. Then departed for work, got into work and then we had some files we had to go through. So going through some files and basically just updating and amending or editing and searching for Coro, scanning and linking some Coro, updating the system. Then we also do all the digital media requests that come in. So using another system called Q-Prime to register those tapes or CDs and then recording them on the system and then sending them over to CTF filing. Okay, filing that, had a bit of a morning tea break and then just chatted to a colleague about some hearing files that we had. So going through them and just seeing what they're up to, status updates on them. Also did some travel management bookings. So going through the system there and seeing if anything needs reconciliation and doing some travel allowances that come through from the guys that come back from some investigation. Okay, and then I went down and got the mail. I also had to find a piece of correspondence here from our reception lady, Chantelle, which we needed to track down for a file in request to a responding back to the CMC for in particular to some recommendations that they recommended. Just for some changes to some policies. After finding that, then I gave that to one of the investigators who was handling that file. Then I went for a walk. Then it was about lunchtime, so I went for a walk, went across the road, come back from across the road. Okay. Oh, and then I went through our list. So we've got three lists that we deal with, which is our tasking list. So one's for some notices that come through that we have to make sure they scan a link to the files and we can finalise those files if they've come through from the region. So we did that. And then the other list is just having a look at Coro, make sure nothing's outstanding and just making sure everything's been done on them. And they can probably go for finalisation as well. And the third list is a monitor list. So anything that we put up as a monitoring task, say for example, we were to refer back to the CMC on some recommendations. So we would put a monitoring task to make sure that had been complied with. So that could range from a month to six weeks. And then I also went down to legal and policy to make sure a file has been dealt with and just seeing what the status update on that one was. And they update a list, significant disciplinary hearing list, and made sure, well, one that was on their list, who had carriage of it and what status it was up to, and making sure they had all the required documentation for that, which can take up to a couple of months to prepare. Then filing that off come back. Then we went through a box register list, which is all the boxes, all the files that won't fit. So we have to put them in an archive. So they then go in registry and we update that list with the person's name, the number, whether it's finalised or closed, or still open. And then we put them all in numerical order, so making sure that was done. And then we also go through, we've also got some sections in registry where we detail to certain parts. So we have a CMC section, we have a hearing section, a coronial section. So then we just detail all those files or boxes and make sure they're put all numerical order, just to make them easier to find. And yeah, and that's about it. And then I'll go on home from there. Approximately six o'clock. Yes. No, snooze. For half an hour. No, it's a half an hour snooze and it's a daily occurrence. We have two cats. Yes. Yep. They're Balinese. They're four years old and they have tiger markings. They actually look like a Bengal tiger and their names are Sparky and Taser and they're twins. They're actually brothers. So yes. One's the smart one and a little bit bossy. Yeah. The other one's put on a little bit of weight and not as active. Yes. And tends to relax a lot more. Let's see. Wouldn't I have yesterday? Actually, I had muffins yesterday. These are the muffins. And I think I had also a bowl of cornflakes if I remember. Left home approximately 10 to 7. Train actually, which takes me about an hour. So I caught the, I think I caught, it was on the seven o'clock roughly, station to catch the train. Yep. Not at all. No. Yes. One, did it take too long? Had two. A train would be the nearest closest transport to getting to work. No, actually drive to the train station. Yes. If I had walked to the train station, yeah, just where we live, it's a bit dingy and a bit, when we tend to park, two parks actually, a cricket club and a soccer club. And it's just a bit, yeah, just find it. If I drive to the next big station, which is Petrie, which is, and plus you get all the express train come to work. Oh, absolutely. Yes. I think it's peak hour. Yeah. One of the peak hours. Yep. I did get a, yeah. Now I'm playing this dreaded candy crush, which is driving me batty because I'm stuck on level 29. Everyone's played it. Yes. I had the lady on the train yesterday played it. Um, now she was on her iPad. The lady across from me was on a phone and the lady next to me was on her mobile playing it. So, and yeah, I have tried for the last three days to get past level 29 and after five lives, it times out, you've run out of lives. And then you have to, um, just wait for the phone to sort of wait for your lives to reboot before you can get back in. So it gives you a time limit of up to 12 to half an hour. I think it is. It's very addictive, but my colleague is up to, um, she's up to, I think level close to level 100. Um, and I have a friend on 147. Um, my colleague's daughter-in-law's up to 186. So I'm trying to catch up to them. That's it. Roughly. Yes. About eight o'clock. Um, we do, yes. I'm normally rostered on nine to five, but, um, been coming in about eight to four. Yes. Yesterday. Yes. A lot of, yeah, we have a lot of correspondence that come in that we have to sort out. Um, it's only, um, the archiving, um, we were catching up on archiving, going through some files and some lists only because the, one of the, um, sergeants is away. So she's on holiday, um, this week. So when the correspondence flow starts to come back in, we'll have a lot more work. Yeah. We do all the, um, we do car hire, um, hotel and flight. Yeah. So, um, we're all rostered on about, I think it's every six weeks, um, because we have a few girls doing it in our command. So, um, yeah, I get to do it all the time. So, um, being on a roster, which is great. So, and failing that that's also a fail proof system. So if someone's away, we, we can, um, um, one of us, yeah, someone else can take over or we have backup staff. Um, actually I'm not on this week, but, um, I think I'm on, I think my next two weeks I'll be on again. Yeah. So, and we're rostered on for a whole week. So I think I went out for lunch yesterday. Yes. The road, um, basically I'll go across, I'll just brought a scratchy across the road actually. And I did, I don't even remember what I had for lunch yesterday. I normally get subway, subway is the way to go. No, I didn't win on scratchy. Unfortunately, a $4 scratchy. I don't know. Didn't win on the scratchies. Oh, basically probably within about five minutes. So I called an express train home. Oh, absolutely. Yeah. Probably about 15 minutes off my time travel. Uh, yeah, I think so. Yep. Especially, um, you can get a seat at Roma street, but once it pulls into central and, um, uh, Brunswick street station here, Fortitude Valley, Fortitude Valley now known. Yes. Yep. Um, yeah, it starts to fill in. Yep. So I'm like, yeah, absolutely, till I finished this level. And then, and then by the time I got to Petrie station, I had run out of power on my phone. Last night I actually, um, ended up getting a pizza cause it was cheap Tuesday. And I went over to my girlfriend's to pick my son up cause he'd stayed overnight. Oh, um, and he was also playing games, but mainly Halo on Xbox 360. So, okay. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Lovely.