 When I got up the first thing I do is say hello to my animals and we have about five or ten minutes of patting the dogs then they get a treat and then the cat comes inside and we have a cuddle and then the cat gets fed. Then I'll tidy up the house, still got my dressing gown and my jarvies on and I've got to give my girl dog some antibiotics because she's got an upper respiratory infection. So I prepare that by putting the antibiotics into a cheerio. I cut the cheerio in half and then I get the knife and I make a slit and then I put the tablet in there and then shove it down so that's not not stressful for her to take. Then I go outside still dressed in my jarmies and then they're excited because they know they're going to get a cheerio. Then we pop the cheerio down and before she can spit it out and spit the tablet out I put another one in front of her nose so she can gulp it down and then she's happy and I do the same with the little boy. So he's happy and everyone starts their day off very nice. So then I go inside and the cat has had his meal and then he goes onto the bed and has a sleep while I get ready for work. So I iron my clothes then I go and have a wash. I haven't told you about all the others that I do that you don't need to know. Then I get ready for work and hubby has made my lunch for me so it's waiting for me in the fridge. Off we go in the car, sorry before I leave the house I put the rubbish in the rubbish bin side, drive to the train station, get on the train when it comes and then I come across to work and I work in the chaplaincy services and before I could get to my office one of the chaplains said I would need to let you know that I have had an electric shock last night and he's staying in one of our units because he's from Gympie but he's doing a locum in Brisbane for three days a week for a month and as he described to me he turned the hall light on which has got two switches. As he touched the switch it gave him an electric shock so I did an incident report for him. I wrote out a report to community supporting police. I scanned it and then sent that to the voluntary lady at CSP to organise an electrician to fix the light. Meanwhile here he was fine and that was my major concern. So then I went to my office, unlocked my office, put my lunch in the fridge and then I turned on my computer to check all the emails and then before I knew it it was time to go. It was a very very busy day. So then I left at four o'clock and then train home. No I went straight home yesterday. I was just sorry I was just trying to think if if I had gone but that was the day before. I went home and the first thing I do when I get home is I get out of the car and lock the car. My husband is always standing at the front door waiting for me and greeting me. The cat is beside him waiting for mummy and the two dogs are at the back door because they're excited. Then what did I do? Oh then I got changed out of my work clothes into my home comfortable tracky dacks and then I got a drink of water. Then I got the dog bones and it's by the time I get home it's feeding time so naturally that's why they're happy to see me. So I got the dog bones, gave the cat a cuddle and then we all went outside and my husband's making lunches for the next day. He does a sandwich with ham and salad and then he'll cut up the fruit, the watermelon into little cubes. Everything's in nice little cubes and then he's put it into a screw top plastic container. So he's doing that. I've gone outside and patted everybody and then I get the bowls. I go over to the table where I do the ritual of putting the dry dog food into the dog bowls. The cat is purring and tail going in my face and he's really happy. Then I get the cat food, fill up his bowls and he's happy and then put the bones in the dog bowls. But I noticed one thing, we've got different bones this time and they're rootails and usually we get them cut up to reasonable sizes but these were about that size. So I'd already put the the amount of dry food that they normally eat in the bowls and if I knew that the bones were that big I wouldn't have put so much as much. But anyway they got a bonus. So then Selena has her territory where she likes to eat and sleep and so Buddy, I'll give her her food and I have to go to the other side of the pergola where Buddy has his meals. If he goes over to her territory then she will snap at him so he knows just to stay there. So then I go inside and wash my hands, put the food away and that's right I did a load of washing the night before. So I go out take the clothes off the line, take them inside, fold them up and then after I've put them away then get all the towels, tea towels and bath towels and put them separate to all the other clothes and put them into all the linen into the washing machine. There wasn't quite enough linen in there to do a full wash because I'm very conscious about wasting water and electricity. So they're just sitting in there none of them were wet so maybe tonight or maybe tomorrow. I've got to do all the washing before I go on holiday. So six o'clock. Oh no, no yesterday. Oh yes I did wake up but that night before I slept on the spare bedroom because my husband was snoring and so when he got up at 20 past four he woke me up and I woke up which sometimes happened in our house. And then when he went to work I had to go back to sleep and I only had half asleep you know what I mean. So I woke up twice. Yes yesterday I got straight out of bed but not this morning. I think I snoozed in about four times. No, no yeah but I also have to give them on a Monday and a Thursday a special tablet that protects them from fleas and ticks and that's a proban night what I call proban night. And so they both get half a cheerio I cut that in half and then they get one tablet in each half so that's two cheerios but four tablets. So they're used to having that Monday and Thursday but she got a bonus with it. Yeah just for the day to the train. 10 minutes? No I drive to the train station catch the Cleveland line because it's not a direct route. Yeah. Not when I get on at Lindum. It's um I don't know if you know that side of town but probably three four stops after mine at Mount at Morningside it will get really busy but I can always get a seat. Yes actually it was very hard to concentrate yesterday. I started on a new book and so I there was a lady who was who works in crime ops and she was talking about shift work and she was it was distracting me so I was really trying to get into this to starting this new book but yeah so I didn't read all the chapter. Um that we could eat. I had um the sandwich that my husband made and the fruit. I also bought some fried rice from the cafeteria which I threw away. Wasn't very nice. No. It was a waste of money. Yes. Yes. No I started putting the clothes into the washing machine thinking I could do a load of washing but it wasn't enough to do a full load. But I did take the clothes off the line. Microwaved because we had leftover chicken cacciatore. 8 30. No comment. Comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.