 I woke up in the morning, I woke up early, again, it probably doesn't seem early because I think every time I've been here I've woken up early so you don't have me on my usual schedule but I woke up at about, I don't know, maybe 5.30 or something like that and I just got ready and came into work because I'd been on call on the weekend and so I had a work card that I'd taken home for on call and so I wanted to get that in early so that I could drop it off, get my on call notes off to the other HSOs who needed to do follow up with people yesterday after the weekend which I did and then I left work at about quarter past eight for an 8.30 appointment so I dashed over on the train, had an appointment then was back at work at 10. I bought a coffee when I first came into work and two hash browns for breakfast because I didn't have breakfast at home, didn't have the usual toast and then when I came back into work I then just got about with doing my work. I caught up with another HSO and had a coffee with her and a chat and that was really good. Sam was off so I was covering for Sam as well as just trying to do my work and then at the end of the day I went home, had dinner, had some reheated frittata, vegetable frittata with fish fingers for dinner and watched The Voice, had a shower, washed my hair, went to bed and that was the day and I was exhausted. I was really tired, yeah, really tired because it had been a really busy weekend and I'd gotten woken in the night and things and I don't get back to sleep easily. It just was busy, yeah, so it varies, I think it really varies. I just happened to get a busy weekend. I think about maybe about once every six weeks, either you get the weekend or you get the weeknight. Yes, if you're on call during the week, like the person who's on call this week, he gets every single night until it goes to the on-call person, Friday night for the weekend nights and weekend dates. Weeknights, yes. So next time will you be with? No, next time I'm weeknights and that's my preference, yeah. So how many times? Probably about 15, it felt a lot. So middle of the night as well? Yes. Do you mean the middle of the night one or do you mean before that? 2am and I was woken at 5.45 on Saturday morning, yeah. Is that our phone? No, no, the 2am call Saturday night, yeah. So when you call, go out somewhere or? You try and do whatever needs to be done by phone. If you can do it by phone, you do it by phone. I was able to do it all by phone, but it did mean ringing people and checking about this and getting back about that and doing work around the 15 calls and checking whether I did need to attend or whether I didn't need to attend. So you're sort of making an assessment of need and risk as part of that process, yeah. So when you get the flowers or are they up? If it's that urgent, you would wake people, but generally you would try and hold until people are awake. Because the officers work shift work, they're just on. So the call on Saturday morning was because he was finishing his shift at 6, so he was handing over to me. There wasn't particular urgency with it being done, but for him, he was finishing and so because they're on 24 hours, it just mucks that, the urgency of things around. So yeah, it wasn't, it needed to be done that morning certainly, but it could have been done at 8 o'clock had his shift gone to late, which it didn't. So he hands over before he goes off to make sure that things are in place. And that's fine, absolutely fine, but it's driven by sometimes their shift roster as opposed by the actual need. Yeah. So when you, when you were, no, no wonder you were tired on Monday. So you drove into work, what time did you get home? I think I got in about, I think it was about 7, I think, maybe. Yeah, no, I went and got, no, I went to my desk and, you know, got water because I always, I always go to the loo and get water when I arrive. So I did that, computer on, checked emails to see if there's anything really urgent there as I come in. And then I walked out and got the coffee, came back and then I thought, hmm, hungry. So I went up to the cafeteria and got the two hash browns. And then do you have a bit of paperwork? Yes. Well, you have to do your notes for everybody, but I'd done those at home. So then I had just emailed them to myself at work. So I then had to just save those so that I could attach them to emails that I was sending off to the HSOs who were in those various regions for follow-up. So that took more, maybe, I don't know, that took maybe half an hour by the time I'd done that. Yes. Where did you have it? Central, basically and at 8.30. So by the time you got- Yes, my coffee and ketchup meeting. Oh, with the other HSO. No, I did that later because on the way back from my appointment, I stopped and got another coffee on my way back into the building. Needed it, I can see. I did. So that was one. That was my second coffee. Then I caught up with the colleague later in the day and had the coffee, a third coffee. No, I didn't have a coffee with her. I had a chai latte because I was like, no, I've had two coffees. And you mentioned Sam was up, does that increase your workload? It can do because I'm minding her phone. So anyone who needs her will get me because her phone will be on divert to me. So she would have put her phone on divert to me on Friday when she left because I was the HSO on call and she just would have left it on for me yesterday. Yep. So if anyone needs her, I would also check her desk phone, which is also on forward to me. So yeah, you just cover for the other person's area. So if things are busy, yes, it definitely increases. But if things aren't busy, not really. So lunch? I did. Yes. Persian. Yeah. Yeah, it was nice. And what was it? I don't know. It was something. I think it was. No, I don't know what it was. Something with lime, something with dried lime and chickpeas. So chickpeas, dried lime, I think some beef and some rice. Enjoyed it? Yes, it was lovely. First time you've had Persian? No, there's a new Persian place across the road. And so I've had Persian a couple of times, but I've not had that dish. I think that was dish number five or something. And I normally go for dish number three. Five better? No, I preferred three. And I ate half of it and have the other half in the fridge at work for lunch today. So what time did you get it? Five. No long haul? Yes, I brought it back that morning. And then it just gets used by whoever wants to use it during the day. So yes, when I deliver it back, it's just back. Yes. And then you had vegetable frittatas and fish fingers? No, I cooked that on Saturday, Saturday for lunch. Yes, all of the voice. Yes. What time did the voice finish? What time did I go to bed? Well, I've got, okay, because I've got two girls. And so I then chat to them and we were watching the voice. And so you'll spend some time with them. So after I'd done all of that, I probably went to bed about probably it was about 930. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Not coming.