 Oh, I'm just trying to think. I woke up, obviously. Just trying to think what day it was. Monday, I came into work. Oh, I had a different sort of a morning because I had a medical appointment in the afternoon, which meant that I had to organize driving to a different place. Normally, I would drive to the station near my home and catch the train into work, but because my medical appointment was over here and there's no train line there, I drove to a different train station, left the car there so that I could catch the train into town and then at the end of the day, leave, drive, catch the train back to that station and then drive over to my appointment without having to go all the way back home and then back like that. So that was a bit different. It was the first day back for school for the children after the school holidays. So did lunches and things like that, which I hadn't had to do for two weeks. Made sure that the girls had breakfast before I left home, you know, that they got their uniforms out and bags packed and you know, that they were all ready to go. Came to work and work. And then I left work early, as I said, because I had a medical appointment. So I left at about quarter to three, caught the train back to that station where I left the car, drove over to the appointment and waited an hour to see the specialist. So that was really annoying because I could have been at work for that extra hour, but I didn't know that obviously. So I waited there on really uncomfortable chairs and now my back's sore. Had my appointment and then I came home. Said hi to the kids, how did their day go? Had they done homework? Caught up with them and then my daughter had a medical appointment. We don't always have all these yesterday. Seemed to be a whole bunch of them. So I took her to her medical appointment. Oh, I was watching The Voice and so we were watching The Voice. That was really nice. And then when I went up with her for her appointment, they had that playing at the GP's. So that was nice. We got to watch that while we were waiting. And then she had her appointment. Then I came home, got the girls ready for bed because by then it was probably, oh no, they were finishing watching The Voice. That's right. So maybe, I don't know. Then they went to bed. So I said goodnight to them. And then I watched the end of one show. That was a fine show. I didn't mind that at all. And then just watched this stupid show, Criminal Minds, I think it was, which I haven't seen before and I won't see again. And I think it was really because I'd had such a busy day and lots of waiting and such a busy night with doing things that were just a bit different that that was probably, I was just going, okay, sit down and relax. Have my cup of tea before going to bed. So normally I'd probably just go to bed earlier than I did so I wouldn't be inflicted by that silly show. So that's probably what I did. And so in terms of detail, what did I do? Oh, it was awful. I put my shoes on in the morning and I had, when I bought these shoes, I bought a black pair and a brown pair. Because my morning was a little bit different yesterday, I put on one black and one brown. And it was only when I drove all the way to that station, got out of the car and was walking up the thing, I was like, black and one brown. What do I do? Nothing, it was too far to drive back. Whereas normally my car is closer to home because I go to the closest station. So it was just a series of events conspired so that I came to work with one black and one brown shoe on. But I figured that I have no shame. I would just wear them. I did go across to the chemist and get a little packet of Pardi, they're called something like Pardi, something like that. They're designed for people wearing high heels at a party to then put on flats, which I would never ever use them for that purpose, but I would use them for wrong shoe rescue at work. But as it worked out, I thought, I'll see if anyone notices and I'll just get about. And I was thinking, I'll see how observant the police are in HQ. And one person noticed. Yeah, and if they did, they didn't say anything. But I went to the cafeteria. I didn't, yes, I didn't restrict myself. I just went, oh, well, I can be that crazy woman. Yes, it was quite a tan sort of color. Yeah, it was. You don't have much brown in here for me. No, you know. Yeah, but it was significantly different. And it was interesting when I asked Sam, because I was talking to Sam and I said to her, because I was talking to her in the morning, blah, blah, blah, just like this, et cetera. And I was thinking, well, if she doesn't notice, I can probably get through the day because Sam's really quite observant. And I said to her, after we'd been talking, I said, so do you notice anything different about me? And so she looked and looked and looked. And then she said, I think one of, I think the skin on one of your feet is lighter than the other. I thought it was incredible because what she'd done was she had obviously noticed the difference, but had attributed it to something quite different. And when we then went back over, hey, the shoes are actually a different color. Why would you say that? And she was saying it's because she had felt primed because of the way that I'd asked the question, which is what do you notice different about me? She was looking at me as opposed to clothing. That's right, so when she noticed that there was something different, she had an attribution that it was about my skin coloring as opposed to the reason my skin coloring looked different was because there was different colored shoes on the feet. So we were just struck by how the information that you get and how you can prime gives the interpretation to what it is that you're seeing. And yeah, so it was a really nice example of that. And so the two of us know about those concepts and I guess we should have, I guess, an awareness of it, but we're as prone as anyone else to those same sorts of things. So it was really interesting, actually. They did that the entire day, even through waiting in that waiting room for an hour at the specialist appointment, the specialist didn't notice. Yeah, probably about 5.30. Yes, yesterday I had no toast. I had a sausage and egg McMuffin and a hash brown and a skinny latte, which they now do skinny milk at McDonald's. And I did that because I went that way to get the shoes from the chemist. Normally I wouldn't. Yes, yes, toast is always my breakfast. Well, during the week it is. How much for the drive? And for a half hour drive. No, yes, I didn't get a seat. No, it was way busier than where I would normally get on. Good with those shoes, body noticed. I didn't, no, because I was standing, normally I would listen to music and play games, but normally I have a seat. I was later because of all the kerfuffle that had happened and the chemist and the breakfast, et cetera. So I started, I think at about quarter past eight, I started, I'd normally start anywhere from maybe seven till 8.30. So quite a wide variance there. I didn't, I don't normally take lunch. Yes, sometimes. Yes, I did. I got it from the cafeteria. I got a toasted ham, cheese and tomato sandwich. I was just a little bit early. I did read magazines, watch a TV that they had, that had the captions so that there was no sound. So that was sort of hard to follow because the captions were on delay with the speaking. Try and not hurt my back in their awful chairs. So I was doing lots of wriggling around and lots of moving and lots of sort of heaps. Yeah, oh, I don't know. It's hard to tell because it's a specialist practice. Who was going where? And I don't know. I know my specialist was slow. Probably about half an hour. Yes, no, no. I had time to say hi to the girls, you know, have dinner, et cetera. Her appointment was at 7.40. No, I made the salad, chicken and salad, baked chicken. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.