 I woke up early because I was coming in to work early. So I woke up, I think, about maybe quarter to five. So I just got up, made a cup of coffee, got ready, then made a cup of tea and made some toast, and then sat outside to eat that as the sun was coming up. And so just as the day was sort of getting ready, the sun wasn't yet up, but the day, you know, it was obviously light and getting ready. And then I headed off to the station, caught the train in, came into work, met with Sam, and then we went over to do some training. So we were facilitating some mental health first aid training with a particular work section. And we did that over at Fortitude Valley. And so we spent the whole day doing that. Can you tell me a little bit about... Mental health first aid is a nationally accredited course. And so we've done the instructor's training. So we try and run that internally to try and increase everybody's mental health literacy. And obviously, it's very much like physical first aid in that you're really just wanting people to be able to have the confidence to intervene in something that they might see developing, a developing mental health issue or a mental health crisis, and really just hold the person until they can access appropriate professional help. So that's really the idea behind the thing. And the more people who are able to do that, it demystifies mental illness, it allows them to know something about mental illness, not illness, not be scared, and gives them some skill to hopefully intervene early in mental illness, which obviously is going to give the best prognosis for the sufferers of mental illness. So it's good. It's a good course. Yeah, it's really full on. It's really quite content heavy, requires, I think, a lot of energy and a lot of work by the facilitators. But people seem to like it. And what about you? Today, my day after, oh, yesterday after the course, came back to work and then I just caught the train home. So I went home and I was exhausted, really tired, because we did the training for two days. So it had been an early start the day before with a similar sort of, yes, a heavy sort of, yeah, lots of energy. So last night I just made dinner, made gnocchi with parsley and salt and pepper, and then watched The Voice. Oh, I had a shower beforehand. Shower, wash my hair, had dinner, watched The Voice, had a cup of tea, went to bed. And I was really tired. So you mentioned you woke up early. What's your normal one? Probably 5.45, yes. So you had a cup of coffee first, but tea later, you drink? Yes. Yep, so the coffee wakes you up? Yes, I always have a coffee first up, always. And how long did you sit out? Probably only about 10 minutes. It was coolish, but nice. Yeah, not too cold. And do you sit outside and eat? No, no, normally I sit inside, because normally the kids are up, so I'd have breakfast with the kids. But yeah, because I was early, I missed them. So I didn't see the kids yesterday morning at all before I went to work, not the day before. So I missed that. So then you caught the train to work. How did you- I drove. And the train that time? Yes, yep. Wasn't it- Yes. So what time did that- I arrived at work probably about 20 past seven. It was a nine o'clock start, but they were all there beforehand. So yeah, we went over, took things over, set up, and then just, I think, got into it. So maybe we started even a bit before nine. So you came into the office and then- Yes, yes. So did you drive from the office? Sam drove, yep. So we had booked a work car. And how many people? Including us, 15. So there were 13 participants. And it was just the two of you that were taking the call? Yes. Do you do sections each? We have it divided up. There's four sections. So each of us do one section a day, either before or after lunch, but then we help each other. So we interject and give examples and things, yeah. So it's a bit more dynamic. It's not just one person having to carry the whole thing, but one person would be responsible for their section. And once the participants finish the course, do they go to the assignment? Yes, yep. And how often do you run? That would be the third one that we've run. This year? No, because we were only trained last year. So we've run three, and then we've got another one. Then we've got another three booked. So maybe about every second month. We've got one booked now, I think through this year, but only three. And they're all place employees? Yes. So during the course, do they have book material? They have a manual, but it's also a PowerPoint with videos, with lots of interactive activities, et cetera. Yeah, try and engage them. Because it's two days and two quite heavy days. Yeah. So what time do you end up finishing? Yesterday, do you mean? Yesterday we finished early. I think we finished at maybe quarter to three, as early as possible. But it could have gone nine to four, but we didn't have an afternoon tea break, and we moved fairly quickly through the material. And a short lunch, we only had half an hour, I think, rather than people having longer and dragging the day out. Was lunch provided or? All brought their own lunch. So did you catch a train home straight after course finished? No, it came back to work. So packed everything up, came back to work, gave the car keys back, checked emails, did that sort of thing, and then went home. Probably left at four. And you cooked gnocchi, did you make it yourself? It was a packet one. Yeah, a fresh one that I got from the markets on Sunday. It was lovely. And were you watching The Voice while you were eating your dinner? Yes, yep. And do you have a favorite? No, no. Do you have a least favorite? No. Not yet anyway. Not yet, no, that's right. I think they all have something different that they bring. I used to like Delta least, but she's really lifted the game this time. So she's now just on par. Yep. And then you headed to bed early? I think I was in bed at, I think, quarter past nine. Now I'm gonna ask you a series. Did you wait? No comment. Is this your? No comment. Did you have? No comment. Did you eat? No comment. Did you have? No comment. Were you working day? No comment. The 20th? No comment. No comment. No comment. Done. Are you finding things out as yet with your research? Just, you know, anecdotally? Well, it doesn't actually get processed here. Okay. So when it's all finished, it'll all get out. And they do it down there. Okay. They're already going through the ones that they need.