 So I got up yesterday, so yesterday was Monday, wasn't it? Yep, so I got up at about 5.30 yesterday morning. I got ready for work, you know, doing the usual thing. I was going to try and walk to the train station, but didn't quite get that far. So got a lift to the train station instead with my partner. So came to work, bacon and egg McMuffin for breakfast. Got to work, what did I do? I mean, I saw people in my job yesterday. I did some preparation for some training that I'm delivering later on this week. So just trying to get my head around how that, yeah, the content of that and how that's going to be delivered. Made some phone calls, left early, about quarter to four, and went to, caught the train and went to Jindalee where I met a friend of mine there and we went for a run, which was hard work. So just along beside the river there. So yeah, trying to be good and increase my exercise. So I ran for about, I think I managed 23 minutes, which is about, and it was about a bit over three kilometers. So I was happy when it was over, but yeah, that wasn't too bad. So yeah, so went for a run, did some exercise, went home. Last night I, yeah, talked to my partner about, you know, shared news. And then I was on the computer for a little bit, played Scrabble on Facebook. And what else? Yeah, downloaded some stuff on iTunes. Didn't really watch too much TV and was probably in bed by about 9.30. Yes. No, I don't press snooze, but I don't get straight up either. Yeah. No, I don't. I don't tend to drink tea or coffee in the morning and I don't have breakfast, bacon and egg McMuffin later on. Left at about, what time was it? Probably about quarter to seven. Yep, yep. Yes, about 30 minutes. The drive's only about, you know, seven minutes. Yes. About 10 minutes, I think. 10 or 12 minutes. About 35 minutes. Yeah. Played on my phone. Yesterday, what was I playing? Possibly Solitaire Blitz or somebody else has, you know, done that invite thing for something called Candy Crush or something like that, which I was initially, you know, very disparaging of, but is actually incredibly addictive. So probably that. Yep, at the Roma Street. Yep. No, I brought it into work. Probably, I think it was probably about, oh God, probably I got into work at about quarter to eight. Quarter, so somewhere between quarter to eight, eight o'clock. Mental health first aid. So giving people an awareness generally of mental health and mental, and how to support somebody who might be having a mental health problem. No, people book in in advance. About, at last count, I think 15. Yep. It's a two day course, 12 hours. Yeah. Yeah, almost prepared. Yeah. Thursday. Yeah, yeah, most of the day, yes. Probably at about 12, I think. Yesterday, my lunch. Oh, no, actually I didn't. I, for one thing and another, I think I had like banana bread at about 11. So then I didn't end up having lunch until like two in the afternoon. And I think it was maybe eight, eight or nine dollars, something like that. I had a toasted salmon. Usually quarter past four, half past four. Yep. Yes. Got on the train, got myself to Oxley Station. I was picked up there. And from there we went to the little river path at Jindalee, yes. No, I wouldn't have said I exactly knew where the 3K mark was, but yes, I have done that. Yeah, I have done that run before. Map my run, you know, on the phone, yep. No, I do run the whole way. So sometimes I slow to what I'm sure is probably a shuffle. But yeah, I don't walk. Ideally, I think three to four. Yeah. Okay, so far, I've only done it once, but I've got my stuff and I'm planning on going again this afternoon. So. That's all right. So after the run, after, oh, so after the run, went to Coles and stuff like that. So probably it was about, I don't know, maybe 10 to six. No, I drove. It was probably after dinner. I had a chicken, I think chicken and veggie kind of thing. Yeah. No, just trying to increase the playlist a little. Yeah, just trying to add to have a bit more variety. You know, it sort of tends to be the same music over and over again. So I listened to the music. I have a little playlist that I listen to when I do run. So it's all getting a bit boring. So just trying to find some new stuff just to mix it up a bit. Yesterday I downloaded Paint It Black by the Rolling Stones. Well, that's probably, you know, kind of rock stuff's good to run to. Yeah, that was one of the ones. No, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment.