 What time did I wake up yesterday? I can't remember now. Probably about quarter past five. I got up and had breakfast. No, that's actually, that's a lie. I didn't have breakfast. I had a shower, fed the dogs, didn't have any breakfast, got myself sorted, ready and walked to the train station and I arrived at work probably about, what time did I get to work yesterday? About 7.45. Got sorted just for the training that we were delivering yesterday and then obviously met up with Jo and we drove over to the valley where we were delivering some training. Arrived there, you know, flurry of trying to sort out equipment and things and yeah, delivered mental health first aid training. So that was obviously took up the majority of the day. I think we were done probably, I think the training actually finished a little bit earlier, so we finished about 2.30 and we left the valley a bit after three I imagine. So I got back to work, checked emails and all that sort of stuff, checked messages, made sure there was nothing urgent and then left everything else to deal with today and left work probably about four o'clock. Walked home from the train station, so caught the train, walked home from the train station, so that was nice and yeah, didn't do very much last night. Watched a bit of TV and yeah, went to bed. I was in bed about nine and asleep honestly by 9.02 I think. So you woke up at 5.30? Slightly earlier, yeah. I mean, I usually am probably awake by about 5.30 anyway, yeah. So you mentioned you walked, do you normally walk? I try to, yes. Yep. So out of five days of the week? Probably on average about four, yep. Drive to the train station? Yes, about 30 minutes. And was there a train? Um, it was slightly earlier, yes. Yep, it was. And so you got into work about 5.00, what time did you leave? Probably about quarter past eight I think. We drove, yep. Nine o'clock. Thirteen. Yep, mental health first aid. I'm going to sound like a spiel now. Mental health first aid is about providing assistance to people who might be developing a mental illness or in the midst of a mental health crisis. So the premise is the same as, you know, senior first aid. So basically giving people the skills to just provide that immediate assistance until, you know, health professionals can be involved. And what type of people? All sorts of different people. It's generally for, you know, lay people just to build up skills so that they can, I guess, do a better job of supporting colleagues and friends and family and those kinds of things. We provide a lot of training for peer support officers and certainly within the QPS for units that have contact with the public, you know, some of whom might be distressed and, yeah, having their own mental health challenges. And is this? No, the third. And so is it a? We really just kind of schedule it on an as-needs basis. So our goal is to get all of our peer support officers trained in mental health first aid. So we've got a number of courses, I can't remember, maybe five, four, something like that, already scheduled for peer support officers. And then there are other units that we might promote the course to again because they have contact with, you know, members of the public and might find it useful. So and we'll just run it for them on an as-needed basis. And 13 probably people you'd have? No, we can have more. I think the most we've had is probably about 15. You know, I guess, you know, there isn't a particular limit, but for me, like any more than 20 starts to get a bit unwieldy, I think. And is it a one day? Two days. So yesterday was, so you finished about two things? No, back to work. So you left work about four o'clock, and you walked? Yep, about 30 minutes. And one way more up? They're both about the same. If probably walking to work, there is slightly more up inclined than on the way home. What did you have? A homemade pizza. It had olives, anchovies, ham, cheese, tomato. I watched a bit of The Voice, but didn't watch it, obviously, all the way through. Yeah, and that was probably about it. Clock? Yep. Mask? Yep. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. I'll stop the recording. Cool.