 Yesterday I had a day off, so that was quite nice. So I woke up yesterday probably about 6.30, so a bit of a sleep in. Got up, sorted out the dogs, had breakfast. What did I have for breakfast? I had Weet-Bix yesterday. And then with a friend, got myself organized and went to Limestone Park and did. We're doing Michelle Bridges 12-week body transformation. So yesterday was the fitness test. So we went and did a one kilometer run to see how long that takes, did a little time trial. Then how many pushups you can do in one minute, how long you can hold the plank for. For me, that was on my knees. Oh, the pushups were also on my knees. And then a wall sit, so where you have to do back against the wall and legs at right angles. And then the reach test, so in terms of flexibility. So did that, that was a bit of fun. It was nice being, it was a beautiful day yesterday. Came home, I did some grocery shopping and then some gardening, potted around in the garden, did the fertilizing, planted up some lettuce in the afternoon, watched an episode of The Good Wife. I had dinner, yeah, watched a bit of The Voice in and out of the, while I was playing on the computer and while I was folding washing and was in bed about 9.30 last night. So had you planned the day off? Yes, yep. How often? Day off, well, I guess probably once a month, really. So 6.30 time or? No, no, I just woke up. And did you have breakfast? Yes. Did you head out? Yeah, so probably about eight o'clock, I reckon. And where's Limestone? In Ipswich. What's that like? Limestone Park has an athletics oval. So that's how we're able to kind of measure out the one kilometer bit. It has netball stuff and football field and just lots and lots of pathways for meandering. And was it busy at that time? No, it was not. A few dog walkers. So you went with a friend? Yep. And you both, can you tell me a little bit about? Yes, so it kicks off next Monday. So the idea is that it's really does a lot of good stuff in terms of online and connecting with people through online forums and everybody starts together and finishes together. We get fairly, you know, structured menus, I think. We haven't got those yet. With maximum of 1200 calories per day, which quite frankly, I will starve. I think that's the point. And exercising six days a week, yeah. And with the size, do you want to? Yes, so apparently there is, I think it's three fitness days, two strengths, dog stretch, I don't know, something like that. And one other day that's, yeah, maybe flexibility and stretch, something like that. Yeah, absolutely. So the fitness test starts? I think so. And possibly, I don't know whether there's one along the way as well, but yeah. So did you have? Yes. And does this whole chalice of facing? I think that you can. Yeah, I think that you can, but obviously it doesn't require that because that, you know, it could be, I think it's a really good product, particularly for people in regional, rural areas who may not, you know, have a gym close by or something like that. So it doesn't require those kinds of face-to-face things, but I gather that there may well be events that you can go to along the way. So as long as you keep the motivation up, you still have someone to face up to. That's exactly right. So, which is why I think it is good to do it with somebody else, yeah. Keep on it, her idea. Yeah, that's right. So how long were you at? Oh, I reckon we were there probably about 45 minutes. And was the fitness test easy enough for you? It was, some parts of it, because basically you come out, you know, depending on your results, you're either beginner, intermediate, or advanced. So some parts of it, I was beginner, push-ups. I'm, I cannot, I have no upper body strength whatsoever. So I suspect as we're going through this, anything to do with upper body strength, I will whinge, you know, endlessly as we're going through. So I was beginner that, I think I was intermediate with running. I was intermediate with the plank. I was, oh, that wall sit thing. Yeah, like terrible. So beginner for that. I think I managed like 20 seconds or something like that. Yeah, and the stretch, I think I was intermediate or something like that. So sort of actually sat probably at that for the most of them in that intermediate level. So when they, they'll give you exercises where you fell in. That's right, yeah. So after that, did you go straight to English? Went home first. Yep, really got my list together and my little shopping bags and then went and did the grocery shopping. Yep, so you started buying the healthy stuff? Yes, yes, yes. So, so yeah, that was part of it, feeling enthused. So yes, went and did some shopping for some, yeah, some fruit and veg and all that kind of stuff. So I've done it. Yeah, that's right. And I think it like, it really works for me to have structure. Yeah, so I don't have to rely on my own internal discipline, which lets me down every time. Have you done one of these challenges before? No, I haven't done this type of thing. I have in the past, like done like, you know, Weight Watchers programs and things like that, which I've been quite successful at. My issue is that I love to eat and I think I've said before, have always loved, quite loved running and then I got an injury and so it didn't occur to me to stop eating when I wasn't able to exercise to quite the same level, so. In the afternoon you did some gardening? Yep. What type of lettuce did you plant? Rocket and just cozz, yep. And do you know how long it'll grow? I think it's probably about six weeks. And was that before or after? The gardening, the gardening was after lunch. So what did you do? I had a ham sandwich. And you watched a good one? Downloaded, so we have the series downloaded on Apple TV. And was it one episode each? Yep. What did you have for dinner? Dinner last night was fish with veggies, you know, broccoli, bok choy, carrot and some rice and it was like in a, you know, kind of a ginger garlic fish saucy thing. No, somebody else made it for me. Okay. Which is even better. Yeah, one of those ones where when you buy the fish, you can get a mix. No, no, so it was all put together. Yeah. And then about 9.30 was it? Yep. So I'm gonna ask questions and comments. Sure, no comment, no comment. Did you have Whitby? No comment. Did you go to lunch? No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Lovely.