 When I woke up in the morning, I think I woke up just before my baby. We were up pretty early. Started work early yesterday. So yeah, got up, had a shower, had breakfast, had Weet-Bix again. And then I think I looked after Lexi for a couple of minutes. And then left for work, caught the train into work, and on the train I read my book. Then got into work and left for Karana Downs Station for health start testing. It was a pretty busy morning. Had quite a few first up, but then from lunchtime just didn't have anyone booked in for a while. Had a no-show, so I actually waited around for a couple of hours not doing anything at the station. And then we left in the afternoon, got back to the office and headed off home soon after. Got home, caught the train home. Got home, had my brother over for dinner last night, which was good. And we had some chicken wings and veggies and then cake for dessert and then bed. Yeah, not long after. 20 minutes or so probably. She normally wakes up about 6, so I'm up around that time. I try and sneak out and not wake her up so she sleeps as long as possible. But sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. So I think yesterday, yeah, she slept a little bit longer than me. But I can't be sure. I'd be lying. Who knows. That far away. I think so, yeah. Which is weird, because normally I'm having breakfast and feeding her breakfast at the same time. Which sometimes gets challenging, because she's very demanding when she wants food. So if you don't have time to spoon yourself, get both hands going at the same time. Yeah, which is pretty cute. Yes, walk to the train station. I haven't got a clue. Early. It's too early. I did, because I get on at the first stop. They're always pretty good at getting a seat. So, yeah. No. No, it's a normal train. There's not many expresses, because it's a shorter line. So it's just the Ferny Grove. So even if you get on the express, you only save like three minutes. I don't bother with trying to get the express. It's just, yeah. At the moment, I'm about a third of the way into the book. The fourth book in a series that's part of a greater series. And it's the seventh book in that series. So, yes. Well, this is the third time I'm reading through this book. I haven't read it for years and years. But it's, yeah, I've been reading them all in order, because, yeah, it's a half an hour train ride. So I get to read quite a bit. So, yeah. It's a good book. 7.45-ish? 7.30, maybe, I think. We had to leave just after 8. So 10 past. No, I drove home in the afternoon. So, no, I didn't drive there. I drove back. No, because we go in the opposite direction to traffic. So traffic's coming into the city, where we're going out of the city. So usually we are pretty good at avoiding traffic. So, yeah, that was good. First point was at 9. Don't think so. No, I took the second appointment. Andy took the first. Just myself, I did four. They were all in the morning. Yeah, all straight up in the morning. So a couple of hours of solid testing. And then a couple of hours of waiting around for the client. Yeah. Well, there is. But, unfortunately, the laptop, the wireless connection wasn't working. And the plugs weren't working in the room. So we're able to jump on a computer and, like, upload our results and stuff. But there's not much more we can do on top of that. And the station, especially when, like, all the police were using most of the computers. And, you know, we got everyone we could that was interested in the station. There's a few resistant types. But we got most people, pretty much everyone that was in the station, we tested. So we just scheduled too many appointments, apparently. Well, with the test, we test the physical attributes. So height, weight, blood pressure, body composition, strength, flexibility, and cardiovascular fitness. And so we put all the results onto the website. And then people compare it to previous years and stuff like that. Because pretty much everyone had done it before. And so, yeah, once we uploaded all the results, they sort of came back in and went, Oh, well, this is different. This is different. This is different. Yeah, most people had improved. It was one guy that had significantly improved in all aspects except for cardiovascular fitness. He'd lost quite a lot of weight and was very happy with all his results. But he's like, but I'm fitter now than I was then. But I got a better result for cardiovascular fitness. It's on a bike. So they ride for between 9 and 12 minutes on a bike. And we measure their heart rate at varying intensities. And so we measure what their maximum capacity or the maximum workload they can work at aerobically. So with converting oxygen to energy. And the problem is it's not a direct measure. It's an indirect measure so that we're assuming a few things based on what the estimated maximum heart rate is. And that the workload is directly proportional to their heart rate. And the problem is that if things change a bit over time or they're a bit fatigued, it can throw out the results a little bit. And so I think the results for the guy that was sort of questioning them were pretty accurate for the one we did yesterday. Where the test we did two years ago on him, the result was very high. So it indicated a very high fitness level when I don't think he was a very high fitness level back then. Because I tested him and I remembered him. But yeah, it's a bit hard to not having the test in front of me and not remember it. It's a bit hard to comment on why the results would vary so much without it actually being a drop in fitness. Yeah, it's an indicator of health as opposed to an absolute measure. And so it gives you, yeah, it's at best an indication of cardiovascular fitness and heart health. So yeah, that's the problem. Like especially with people that don't ride a bike much, they don't do as well on the test as somebody like if they're a runner. They do well on a running test but not as good on a bike test. But it's the best test we've got that we can travel around because we can't cart a treadmill around in a van around the state. Whereas carting a bike around is heavy enough. I think I finished up around 11.30 till 2 or 2.30. Headed home pretty soon after just, you know, to help prepare dinner and stuff for my brother coming over. No, we had other friends over on Tuesday night and they brought a cake over with them for dessert. And it was just leftover cake and so yeah, we were just like, well, let's finish up the cake. No special occasion. It was a chocolate and cream cake. 9.30? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.