 Uh, so starting off in the morning, I got up at about 6am just before my little one. And I thought I'd snuck out. All right. But then she woke up and so I looked after, uh, my little one for a little bit before heading off to work, caught the train into work, and then we, yesterday we drove out to Yamanto station to do health start assessments. So, um, yeah, just arrived at the station about 9am, I think. And yeah, conducted some health and fitness assessments, uh, throughout the day till about 3pm when we left the station, headed back to headquarters. And yeah, then, uh, went home. My wife picked me up after work, which was good because she was in the local area. And then we went home and, ah, then there was a power blackout. That's right. That was actually pretty fun. So we got out the old, uh, hurricane lantern and some candles and my wife, uh, cooked dinner in the dark and made a lovely, uh, fettuccine carbonara. And while I looked after our daughter, who, uh, was a bit upset last night. She, she wasn't a happy camper, so needed a lot of settling. And so lots of walking around outside and just calming her down before she went to bed. And then, yeah, we went to bed pretty soon after cause we were tired. Uh, no, I, uh, I woke up and looked at the baby monitor and saw the baby was rolling around and so I watched her for about five minutes until she went back to sleep. And then I got up out of bed and then she woke up. Yeah. Yeah. Cause, um, otherwise it's a bit harder to get ready and shower and, and all that sort of stuff if you've got the little one. But, um, but yeah, no, she, she wakes up pretty, pretty early usually. So yes, I did. And we picked again and, uh, at the same time fed my little one breakfast and she had a, uh, apple porridge baby thingy made up, which she's been loving recently, which is good. Cause it means I don't have to wake my wife up straight away to give her some boob so she can actually string out a bit longer and, and get a little bit of sleep. Yes. Yes, I do. Always walk to the train station. It's about a two kilometer walk. Uh, the train, the train ride is 35 minutes. And so these days I've been, uh, putting some videos on my phone so I can watch some videos on the, on the way to work. Cause there's no other time to watch TV. Uh, I watched some Kitchen Nightmares. It's a Gordon Ramsay, which is funny. He yells at people that are terrible, tells them they're terrible and it fixes them up. And they're like, we love you. No, usually I, I. I only get, I get most of an episode, but it's like five or 10 minutes left. So if I get to the train station a little bit early, I'll be able to fit in the whole episode. Otherwise it'll be like, oh, it's on lunch break. I'll finish the episode. Yes. You mentioned, uh, it's out near Ipswich. So it's, um, you sort of drive out in the direction of Warwick and sort of South Ipswich. Um, yeah, it's about a 45 minute drive. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty much just came into work, into the office, print out the appointments for the day and then drove straight out there. Uh, well it's regular for us to drive out to different stations, but we travel over the whole state. So this is the second time I've been to Umanto this week, but we go there once every two years. So I went out to Umanto two years ago, but in between then I go to pretty much every other station. And the whole state. Yeah. Yeah. So we focus on a region at a time. So at the moment we're doing Southern regions. So we travel around all of Southern region. Um, so say in a couple of weeks we're heading out to Dolby and, uh, and Roma, this sort of area. And so, yeah, we travel around the whole state and then, uh, back in headquarters for a couple of weeks, contacting our clients and, um, yeah, just helping out with any health coaching, exercise program, stuff like that. And then onto the next regions, probably far Northern next. So fly out to far Northern, drive around there, fly back down. It's well, it'd take a couple of weeks. So you're flying and fly back, fly in Monday morning, fly out Friday afternoon. And then at least get weekends at home, but you'll be in the region for four or five weeks. Assessment goes for about half an hour and they can, can vary a bit depending on what the person wants, but the, the basic assessment, yeah, is, is half an hour. Some people, if they want additional assessments like posture or lung function, uh, can take an extra 10 minutes, 15 minutes, but, uh, we didn't do any of them yesterday as all this basic, uh, basic half an hour assessments. So yeah. Good question. Um, seven or eight? Uh, no, there's a few gaps. I mean, a full day is about 13 assessments in a day. Um, so yeah, it was a bit, bit quieter yesterday, which is a bit annoying. Uh, not as bad as the day before we were at Ipswich station where I only did like four. So annoying. Um, but yeah, we, on Monday when we were out at Umenta, we had a full day, but yeah, more, that's right. Yeah. So we open up the appointments ahead of time, people book in and then, um, yeah, so that it's all scheduled and we don't have people, uh, coming in at the same time and it's all nice and orderly, but, um, yeah, it's just generally at some of the biggest stations you get less people coming in cause they're too busy. Whereas at the smaller stations, we'll pretty much get everyone. No, it's voluntary. Yeah. It's a voluntary health, uh, health promotion initiative. Most people choose to come in and that people don't really get forced to come in in that. Yeah. There's no, yeah, there's, I mean, a lot of, some OICs will strongly encourage people to come in. Um, there might be a bit of peer pressure from colleagues, but mainly it's just people coming cause they want to come in. They're interested in how they're going with their health and fitness and want a bit of help or advice with something. Yeah. Uh, a little bit of work, half an hour and then, then off. Yes. Uh, the drive home takes about half an hour, um, in traffic. Like it's about 20 minutes on a good run, but at that time of day in traffic, yeah, about half an hour. Um, probably 45 minutes. Not that long. And so we're just thinking about getting dinner ready when all the lights went out. So yeah, no, not, not home long at all before that happened. And there's still a little bit of light. So we had light to rummage around and get the torch and pull out all the candles and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Which is good. So, uh, no, it was out until after. My wife had finished cooking and then it all came on like, yeah. Energex said that there's a power line down in the area. Um, so yeah, it, um, it wasn't raining or anything though. So we don't know why. Car accident. Someone hit a pole or something, which is unfortunate. There was a lot of sirens about, so probably something going on. No, I had to bed early. I, um, played some guitar to keep my little one entertained because she, uh, she likes guitar, which is good. So I like playing guitar, but, um, yeah, just, just a bit of, bit of guitar. Then just put my little one to bed and then yeah, pretty much straight to bed about eight o'clock. Okay. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Cool.