 Yesterday I woke up at about 5am, because yeah, it was time to look after the baby. My wife had done the night shift so I was giving her a bit of a sleep in. So we started off with getting some breakfast into her, which I believe was toast. She's good with numbing on solids now, so that was good. And then had a pretty lazy day, sort of mid-morning. Did a little bit of cleaning, concentrated on sweeping the floors and getting the lounge room tidy and stuff like that. And then did some shopping at the markets, which my wife got up. We actually started off by going to one market, one of the big markets, but it actually wasn't on because we got our dates wrong. So we went for a bit of a drive and came back to our regular markets. And went for a wander, got some breakfast and did some shopping. So we got our fruit and veg, which was ridiculously cheap, which was awesome. And yeah, hung around the markets for a while. Then we went on home, had some lunch and just chilled out watching some movies. So what did we watch first? I can't remember what we watched. We watched Super Troopers, that was fun. And then we just hung around the house all day, did a bit more cleaning and then watched more movies, went to bed. No, by my wife. Yeah, she basically, because I was sleeping in the spare room with the earplugs in so I can get some continuous sleep, she called my phone to get me in because she was feeding our daughter. And so then after the feed, I could take her into the lounge room and my wife could put in the earplugs. And yeah, I did. Yeah, had some Weet-Bix. Yes, she does more just play games and let her sort of, because she's just starting to walk now. So she's enjoying walking and just giving her little stuff to go for, try and encourage her and keep the, you know, developing the strength and coordination. So sort of, yeah, just playing games with her. And then, yeah, then yeah, played a, when she was happy playing by herself, I played a little bit of Xbox, but mainly just interacting with her and then eventually putting her down for a nap just before my wife got up. That would have been about eight. Yeah, a little bit. Yeah, it happens so rarely. Uh, she woke up from the nap when we got to the markets at about nine. Yeah, yes. Doesn't normally happen. So that was, that was actually a bit of a win. The first markets were about 10 minutes away, but yeah, but they were closed or they weren't on just normal shops and all shops are boring. So we turned around, went to the other markets, which would have been, yeah, another 10, 10 minute drive. Uh, well, the first markets looked out for something like once a month, but the other markets run every week. So they're our usual market. Yes, second. Uh, I had a cheese stick, cheesy bread stick. And my wife had a, um, spinach and feta roll, which was apparently very good. And Lexi got to have a little bit of a numb on some bread as well. And she's very good at eating solids now, which is cool. Yep. Well, yeah, all the fruit and veg. Yeah. Uh, I got like, uh, bananas and apples and capsicums and cucumber and all that sort of stuff. Broccoli. So lots of, um, they had really cheap bags of things. So I got like 20 bananas for like $2, something crazy like that. Um, so yeah, lots of fruit, lots of different types of fruit and lots of different types of veggies. Cause we're trying to, uh, yeah, get lots of natural fruits and veggies into our daughter's diet. So yeah, it's good to just get a big stock up of that. And, um, so it's ready for the week of cooking and prepping meals and stuff. So, uh, well we, we did, we did wonder to start with and then picked our favorite food and veg store and, and shopped there, but we had a good wander around the market just to check out what was out and see if there's any cute baby things there or anything fun. Yeah. There's always cute stuff there, but didn't buy anything else. Um, 10, 30, 11, uh, unpack, um, did a bit of cleaning then. Yeah. Cleaning when we got home. So that was, yeah, it was potty around the house, getting the floors clean and stuff like that. While my wife, um, did some research for our New Zealand holiday coming up. So that's in June. Yep. Ah, that's right. My wife made a salad salad and that we'd gotten from the bar. No, no. We started the movies after lunch. No, it was the second movie. I can't remember what the first movie was. It must've been good. I can't remember. Yeah. It's funny having a chill out, which is good. Uh, no, uh, my wife cooked dinner and that was actually after my daughter went to bed, which is like 6 PM, which is pretty early, which was good. So we actually were able to hang out and do some cooking and cleaning and stuff where we both got to use both hands at the same time, which is, which is rare. Um, and we had a chicken fettuccine at, um, eight, eight 30. I was on night duty. Yeah. No, did not get much sleep at all. It was a very horrible night last night. My poor little Bob, she is in a bit of pain last night. So I think it's a bit of reflux or something, but yeah, she was up every hour, hour and a half needing to be settled. So yeah. Tired today. No comment. All right. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.