 Okay, yesterday, another boring day like last week. Yesterday, woke up, alarm was set for six, and I think I got out of bed 6.15-ish, and got ready for work. Toast for breakfast, had some cottage cheese on that, actually this morning, that was a little bit different, probably the last week. And then into work on a bus at about, just after seven I think it was. From at work, we were traveling to, where did we go yesterday, Karana Downs out near Ipswich yesterday. We had to leave there at about quarter past eight, so I was in at work pretty early, about 7.30. I got a coffee, and just did some basic tasks in the office before I had to leave at 8.15 with John. I drove out to Karana Downs, it took about 45 minutes. At Karana Downs station, set up and we're ready by to take our first client through at about 9.15. And straight up we had quite a few clients in a row, about eight, which took us to just after 11. And then we didn't have any clients, unfortunately, until 2.00 p.m. after that, or around that time. But we did have a chat to a few of the officers about various work-related health things. And had lunch at about 12. Was entering the results from the clients in the morning on one of their computers in the system there. All the officers were comparing the results, and as police are, they're very competitive, trying to see who's got the best strength and et cetera, things like that. Last client came through at two. There was one no-show, unfortunately, before that. And then John drove home. We left about 2.30, got back into the office about quarter past three. Just finished off some menial tasks at the desk, and then left the office about 3.45. Going home, the bus, I was on a bus before four, and I was home by about quarter past four, between quarter past, half past four I got home. What did I do at home? I was cooking dinner that night, so I just sorted out what I needed to do for dinner. Kate was, my wife was out. She wasn't getting home till about 6.30, so I just, I think, played the game on the Xbox for a little bit, watched some TV, started cooking dinner about six o'clock. And it was just a soup, sweet potato and lentil soup. Pretty easy to make, it was quite nice, although Kate didn't like it, even though it was her choice. Yeah, I had to sort out some stuff with the honeymoon, which was, we're leaving next Sunday. Had to sort some stuff just via email, just sending some emails to some of the hotels we're staying at in the evening. Otherwise, just watched TV and was in bed by about 9.30. Read a book for about half an hour, sleep by 10. Yep, nah, it goes off. I have a radio alarm that goes off at six, so the radio's playing, and then my phone alarm goes off about quarter past six to say, get out of bed. Sometimes I get snooze, but I didn't have time yesterday. Most of the time, yeah, most of the time, wait till that one, not until I get to work, no. Oh, I actually have a juice, usually. Back, I think, I can't remember. I think it was the back. I generally just go to the back, take one of the seats at the back, so other people sit at the front later on. Nah, middle, oh, it's actually towards the end, ultimately. Usually every seat's taken, so I'm sitting down next to someone. If I catch a bus any later, like 15 minutes later, I'm usually standing up, because it's full already. Yeah, listen to music or read my phone or play a game, but I think I was just reading news on the way into work yesterday on the phone. No, drop in to work quickly and see if there's anyone else there who goes together. There's one girl I get a coffee with, so seeing she's in, but she wasn't, so I just went by myself. Yeah, a couple of emails, I think, to respond to. I can't remember exactly, but I just definitely had a couple of emails to do and a few emails to send, so it didn't take too long. No, the fourth day in a row. Last day of the week out of the office, so yeah. Usually out, especially if you're busy when you're out, but like I say, there was that gap of a couple of hours there where we didn't have as many, or didn't have any clients, and we were just doing general chats about what we do and health-related things that police were asking us about. When you've got clients full on for the day, yeah, it's a lot busier and, yeah, goes quicker. Yeah, always, oh, yeah, 99 times out of 100, two of us. If we, the only time we'll go by on our own is if we're doing a seminar, but we've got some heavy gear to lift and things like that, too, so we have to have two people. Corona Downs, second time, actually. It was there two years ago, yeah. Yeah, just that station. There's only 17 officers at that station, plus a couple of admins, so we didn't need any more than one day. Generally against traffic, yeah, and there was just a bit of a road construction, so this was a couple of times when there was only one lane open, stop-start with the lollipop man, or what you wanna call them, traffic controller dudes. So that took a bit of time up there. Yes, I did, between the two of us, eight clients, roughly. I think there was seven, because I, yeah, I think, because I finished. No, there would have been an even number, so John would have finished, because I did the last one of the day, so, yeah, I reckon it was eight. Grip Strength Machine, so it's just a, it's got a hand dynamometer, dynamo, monometer, something like that, and it just, it measures how many kilograms of pressure you can squeeze with your hand. Yeah, police are very competitive in nature. It's, I think it's the kind of personality that becomes a police officer. It's a kind of personality that's quite competitive. So they generally are comparing results, even amongst like males to females, when the results aren't always comparable for various measures, it's, they're comparing all the time. So blood pressure, body fat, flexibility, pretty much everything that's on the list. It's quite amusing, really. I don't know if they do, but I think it's more that they want to. Yeah, they, I think it's just that they, this is, you go to some stations, and they'll be sitting there next to the person who's getting tested, trying to work out what they got, so they can see what they got to beat, or if they beat them. Otherwise, yeah, once we put their results up, I heard them talking about it, cause they got the email saying results available, and they'll check them out and comparing them. So it's amazing, every single station is like that. So, oh yeah, we plug them in the computer later. We always talk them through the results and have the sheet in front of which we write them down on, but we have to plug them in on computer when we get opportunity after the appointment sometime. Yeah, if they want to, it's extremely high. For something like blood pressure, we'll give them a letter, which they should take to the doctor as a referral, if it's, that's only if it's extremely high. If they want to improve something, we offer health coaching afterwards, and that's done either over the phone usually, or email if they prefer email. You know, we rarely can do it in person, being the nature of police, we're all over the state. Sometimes we'll, if it's at headquarters, we'll do it in person, tend to. But then, yeah, we can help them with exercise programs, bit of nutrition advice, or just general health coaching, motivation techniques, things like that. Obviously, I aim for none, but yeah, like it's rare we get a day when there's a no-show. So one out of 10 people was pretty good effort usually. Depends, yeah, it was a bit disappointing. We were told that they were an admin who only works part-time, so obviously they'd signed up, and they weren't working that day. So they'd signed up intending to come in on the day off, but never made it, so that's fine. It happens a lot of the time. Late? Yeah, I put in the last client's results, because we left, packed up and left as soon as we finished up. After I finished with the last client, and yeah, just put their results in the system, a few more emails, and yeah, then went off for the day. Yeah, yeah, yeah, they still, we talked them through it, but they get an automatic email as soon as we put the results in our system that says you can go view your results now. Tomb Raider. I've actually finished it, but there's extra things you can do afterwards, so I was trying to finish it off properly, I guess. But I haven't literally turned on the Xbox for about a month, I reckon, due to the wedding and stuff like that. So it was the first time in a while, which was good. Yep, yeah, we don't have actually a dining table, so, or we do, but it's not set up in a spot that's easy to sit down at, unfortunately. But we have the TVs right in front of us, so we'll watch TV. With, while we're eating dinner, I don't know, usually, well, there's some Fox 8. I had sport on earlier while I was cooking and watching some of the sport programs, like AFL 360, and I can't even remember what else was on. But then Kate came home and doesn't want to watch that, so we usually just turn on Fox 8, or old school like Friends or Seinfeld, or something like that. So we're watching various things like that. Later in the evening, I was watching the footy show, the NRL one, so. Some of them I have, yeah. Well, I was responding to some of the emails I'd previously sent, just making some bookings for some tours, and yeah, just checking out some things in the hotels, if we can get airport pickups, and if they will cater for myself as a celiac, eating gluten-free, so. Pretty much, it's still like, some people haven't got it back to us, but I've been to Vietnam before, and I know what it can be like, so. I would have preferred just to book everything while I was over there, but Kate wants, she's very, wants to be organized, so she was trying to get me to do it all before you know her. So, that's all right. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Thank you. No, that's all right. What's with the no comment thing anyway? Is that just because they say it a lot in court, or what? Yep, yep.