 Okay, so yesterday I was waking up at Burley Head to the Gold Coast after having been to a friend's wedding the night before. So I couldn't tell you what time it would have been. I think we had to check out by 10am, so I think we all started waking up about 8.30am. And I just had to tidy up the room, check out, there was another couple staying with myself and my fiancée. So yeah, just had to check out by 10am, packing up the room, packing up our bags, cleaning up the room. And then we were meeting a whole bunch of other friends, plus the newly bride and groom at the Burley Surf Club to have breakfast. For breakfast, just at the Burley Surf Club, it was beautiful. It was very easy, very simple, quite cheap. What did I order? I'm a celiac, so I had to order gluten free and they didn't have any gluten free bread, which was very disappointing. But I had an omelette. It's a Spanish omelette, so it's a chorizo and some onion and herbs and things like that in it. And coffee and also got a side of bacon for the grease for the hangover and mushrooms as well. From there, it was just catching up with friends. We were just chatting for a good hour, hour and a half. Didn't actually finish, leave there until about 11.30pm and then it was just a dreaded drive back to Brisbane. Traffic was great, very good traffic, straight back in an hour. And from home, we got back, unpacked the car, didn't take too long to do that and then we were straight to the supermarket just to buy the groceries for the week. So just went to the Woolworths up at Brookside, or the IJ I should say, and did our regular shopping, got what we needed to. Then we pretty much just came home and a little bit more unpacking and just relaxed for the afternoon. Bit of a nap, catch up on the sleep, watching a bit of TV, watching footies that were on, watching the NRL game. That was quite good. And that was about it. Just a nice easy soup, lentil and chickpea soup for dinner. Something fairly healthy. And then in bed as early as possible to catch up on the sleep. It was around 8.30pm, yeah. Well actually sorry, we should have maybe got up at 8.30pm, woke up a little bit earlier than that. No, I didn't actually get out of bed until 8.30pm. Yeah, I couldn't honestly tell you what time I got home. It was probably before midnight but we also got there Friday and had some drinks with a few of the other people who got there Friday night as well. So unfortunately, we were a bit hungover for the wedding. Nah, not too long. We were easily done by 10pm, check out time. Yes, we had to move the car from the secure car park but that was easy enough to do. And then just walked, it was less than 500 metres but there was traffic in the road so it took a while to get there, about 5 minutes. I'd say it was, well at our table alone, it was at least 10 or 15. And then there was the bride and groom were sitting at the table with some of their, well the bridal party and then some family members. And there was, yeah, there would have been at least 30, 40 plus people in the belly heads from the wedding the night before. No, no, it just turned up, it was fine. Pretty much, sat down, we sat at the separate table because it was all lined for the 15 of us that were in our group. And yeah, ordered within 5 minutes I think. Within 20 minutes? No, it was pretty quick. Yeah, yeah, just had to walk back to the car and straight back. Probably the whole trip from getting in the car and getting back and pulling the driveways would have been about 45 minutes to an hour. Not far, no, 5 minute drive if that. Yeah, pretty much, I was a bit restless, I was lying back but wasn't really falling asleep. But yeah, pretty much straight away, as soon as we got back. We had to finish unpacking some things but that was it. It would have been less than 30 minutes for me. Where the TV was on but I can't remember exactly what it was on but I think it was a football, yeah. There was Canberra vs Penrith I think it was, NRL? And then there was a South game later on, South vs, I can't remember, forgot me. Nah, nah, all the Brisbane teams were mine, it was just what was on. I was flicking between the cricket as well in Australia, it was an Indy cricket match. Canberra won their game, no Canberra were playing St George, Illawarra and South were playing Penrith, there you go. And South won their game as well, I didn't see the end of that but they won. Yes, my fiance, she actually made the dinner but I think I was watching the cricket by then, I was getting a bit bored with the footy. Yeah, just, I can't remember what was on though, I wasn't really into it. There was some David Attenborough show on for a little bit, I was watching that. And then another program on BBC QI, not sure what else, I think the Simpsons would have been on shortly at some time of night, it was Fox 8, it's usually our standard. And, nah that's all I can remember, yeah, Galapagos Islands. It was just a, it was like a making of his show that was coming out soon, it was only like a 15 minute thing. After showering I was in bed between 9 and 9.30. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Excellent. Yeah, nah, thanks, it's great. Just pull this in.