 Nah, it's alright, don't worry. So, what was it yesterday? Thursday. Which means today's Friday. Woke up, obviously being at work, Jay. Would have been about, I think the alarm went off at 6, but I probably didn't get out of bed until at least 6.30. Out of bed, sorted out breakfast, shut the house up, got dressed ready, everything ready for work. By the time, and I was ready to go walk to the bus at about, just after 7, about 5 past, 10 past. The bus turns up by a quarter to the past 7, if that. It comes fairly frequently. And it only takes me about 15-20 minutes to get the bus into work. At work, we had to leave by about 8am to go to Yamanto in Ipswich District for the work. But I went and got a coffee before I left from Alan's Coffee. Best coffee if you haven't been there. Drove to Yamanto, I drove in the morning, John and I actually went out together. I drove in the morning out there, it takes about 45 minutes to get to Ipswich in morning traffic. In our Hellstart van. And arrived at Yamanto Station, we had to just park at the back, run around the front, talk to the admin, and just get let in and bring all our gear inside and set up and be ready for our first appointment at 9am. We were at Yamanto all day until about, well the last appointment was at 3, finishing at 3.30. We would have done about 5 appointments each, unfortunately there was a few no-shows and a few blank spots. In the middle of the day, we would have had lunch, around 12 as usual. As I said, fairly boring within the day today of our job out there, it's very, very much repetitive work. The last appointment was at 3 but they didn't turn up so we waited until about 10 past, quarter past 3, before we started packing up to leave and we had left Ipswich, Yamanto Station by about 3.30. John drove back to Brisbane, back to headquarters, we got back here about quarter past 4. Quickly ducked up to the office desk and finished up and I was left within a few minutes, so I was going home. Caught the bus home, another 20 to 30 minutes back home and I was back home quarter to 5-ish. Didn't do much at home, had a couple of beers when I got home, watched TV. The now wife came home and she was going to the gym at about 6.30, so while she was at the gym I cooked dinner. She got back about quarter past 7, it was only a short session for her at the gym and we had dinner, which was a lamb and lettuce with chilli, garlic, coriander, a little tomato in almost a, I don't know what you would call it, it was a strange little dish that she said, let's cook this. Cooked that, then we just stuffed around, we got lots of tidying up and stuff to do but we just sat around doing nothing after the wedding. Lots of tidying up to do but we're planning to do that this weekend. Kate washed up, just watched TV before she showered and went to bed and I was in bed by about 9.30, read a book, went to bed, sleep at about 10. Only if I have to because I'm going to be in work earlier but I always have the alarm set for 6am and just gradually wake up. Gluten free toast, I think with peanut butter, I think it was, yeah, peanut butter and a glass of V8 veggie juice. It's a three minute walk. No, I usually just play around on my phone, read news, Facebook, Twitter or play games on the phone, that's it. I think I did, I think I downloaded a game on my phone the night before and I was playing it. I'm pretty certain, that's what I did yesterday. Depends, at the moment it's just that one because it's a new one but I've got a few different games on there but I haven't pulled out many of them for a while. I usually just read the news or jump on Facebook in the morning because it's only about a 15-20 minute drive in so I don't have time to mix it up usually. No, I came into work, just dropped my bag off and this girl who I usually go up to grab the coffee with actually and she was in yesterday morning so we walked up together. Well, Ipswich District once every two years and this last week I've just been and next week will be all of Ipswich District. So last week, I was only here, I only went out two days this week, John and our other colleague Josh went out the other two days. Next week it's all me and John going out but yeah, once every two years roughly but there's occasionally we do have other things out at the stations out there but very rare. Yeah, just day trips out there, back and forth, no need to stay overnight out there. Yeah, it's definitely more the traffic in Brisbane, leaving Brisbane here and going down Milton Road to get out there. As soon as you get on the highway, it speeds up a bit because you're going against the flow of the traffic usually out there but then when you actually get in Ipswich itself, yeah, it starts getting busier again. 25 to 30 minutes. Yeah, well every 15 minutes because there's two of us so the first person starts the first appointment, after 15 minutes we're halfway through it so the next person starts so we've got two people running concurrently just at different stages of the assessment. Occasionally, we do have a normal health start assessment only takes 30 minutes. Occasionally, you'll get people who ask more questions or have other issues and we investigate a little bit further, maybe some muscle imbalances or postural issues and things like that or aches and pains so we might do a little bit longer and try and work that out. But then we also offer other assessments which take a little bit longer but generally everyone does just a general health start assessment. Completely voluntary. We obviously encourage as many people do it as a general health assessment. In the nature of these health assessments though, the people who do them are the ones who probably don't necessarily need to come and do a health assessment. But the main goal is to target heart health to help people improve their risks related to heart disease which in turn originally the program was started to keep everyone healthier and reduce sick time and stress leave and things like that. It's all staff and QPS so police and general staff members. There's two definitely, I think there might have been three. Definitely two, I can't remember exactly. No, it was only probably about half full otherwise so there was a bit of a break in the middle where we just had to work on the laptops in the station. Talking to other officers who come in, not necessarily wanting to do the assessment but had a good chat with one who seemed to think that QPS should pay for their gym memberships. But he didn't want to do health start. Yes, we both had, John prepared his in the morning before he left but yeah, no, we both had lunch there. I had two sandwiches. I sort of had one of them early in the day though actually. But two gluten-free bread sandwiches with salami, cheese, lettuce, mayonnaise on it. And I also had a little salad which was just a bit of a leftover from the previous night which was like a chickpea halloumi salad I guess is the best way to put it. Yeah, realistically it was just to drop some equipment back upstairs and then leave. No, caught the bus. No, I think I just listened to music and just read news on the afternoon, yeah. Shuffle, just all play, all shuffle. If I don't like a song I'll skip it but yeah. I think I started watching, I was on Fox so I was watching the AFL 40 channel. I was watching the AFL 360 show and then I think we turned over to Fox 8 after that and watched all the good old cartoons, Family Guy, Simpson's Futurama. And then I was actually watching some NRL shows after that when the wife wasn't around so I just throw them on. Yeah, all sports. Yeah, it was like a lettuce cutting. I think it's meant to be done with lamb mince but we couldn't find any lamb mince when we went shopping so we just bought small lamb, diced lamb chunks. And I just chopped them up a little bit smaller and normally it would be like a lettuce cuff, like a sancho bao almost but it wasn't exactly a sancho bao thing. It was almost like a salad in the end with a bit of lamb. It's hard to say, there's not exactly defined chapters in the book. There's three sections in it but they're quite a large book so I wouldn't have even got through one section. But there's, I guess if you call them chapters, sometimes you go to a new page and it's a different section. So I would have gone through about four or five different sections which vary between two pages to ten pages. Second chunk, towards the end of that, think about hitting the third section. Yeah. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Excellent. No worries. Vietnam and Borneo, Malaysia. Really looking forward to it. I've been to Vietnam. Will this end there?