 Ah, yesterday was Tuesday and I actually got a lift into work yesterday morning which was nice. I grabbed a few minutes of sleeping time before I had to get up and get the kids ready. Nicholas is terrible. He has a habit of staying up late at night even though you turn the lights out. He manages to find a torch and hide under the bed sheets and read a book. So he was a bit grumpy yesterday, not wanting to get out of bed. But eventually he did get up, they had their breakfast and then yeah, Hubby was as usual dragging his heels behind, a bit like the kids so I know where they get it from. Yeah, so we dropped the kids down and actually had a really good run into the city. So had a couple of bottle of Nexaround sort of clay filled but otherwise it was a pretty good run in and got in early and it was good because Karen, my boss, she was in a bit late so actually managed to get a heap of stuff done and was ready there for her to have a look through in the morning which was good and got some comments back from her and made those changes. So they're documents that will be ready to be tabled at the next board meeting that we have at the end of April. So we're off to a good start. Oh and I actually had lunch with a couple of friends yesterday. I've been trying to arrange for the last six weeks to try and catch up and we finally managed to tee something up at the spare of the moment so it was good and caught up with them and had a chat about how things were, what was happening I guess in the other place that I used to work at. I spent most of my life before I joined QPS so all things aren't rosy so I'm glad that I made the jump about four years ago so it was really good. And yeah then sort of wandered back and before I knew it it was sort of like two o'clock and half the day's actually gone and left about quarter past four yesterday and had a bit of a traffic jam on the way home but otherwise it's a good opportunity to have a chat with Hubby and sort of work out what we're doing for the next couple of days because he's going to be on night work very shortly so sort of try and work things out and plan the next week ahead. Picked up the kids, the kids were all excited because today they were doing their assignments, they had an assignment to hand in so they were all excited about it and then tomorrow they've got the Easter hat parade so of course last night I had to stay up and make the Easter hats which was interesting because you get one that is happy with whatever you make and the other one is, can't I have something else? That was what you did for me last year, everyone will know. So yeah had to do a few tweaks but otherwise yep they're both happy to go off tomorrow with their Easter hat. Then yeah before we knew it it was ten o'clock and time for the go to bed. Alarm went off at six but we didn't get out of bed until about ten past six. A few extra minutes, just snooze definitely. Always have a morning, I have one and the kids, Nicholas normally has one, Maddy will have a bowl of cereal and maybe a bite of toast, that's Hubby's job. Yeah about five past seven we tend to train and two ways, sometimes depending on what shift my husband works he'll either drop me at one of the Northgate train station which I've got the option then of two train lines and more frequent trains but if he's got an early start then I just normally walk the kids to work, to school and then catch the train from there and from our house to the school it's about a seven minute walk and then the train station's basically next door to the school so we tend to leave probably about quarter past seven if we're walking to school and I'll catch a train about seven thirty. It was, it was very good. I got in at about twenty to eight, basically as soon as my bags are dumped and the computer's turned on. The morning it was, the afternoon was a little bit slower but sometimes that's good because at times when Karen and I sort of work as a bit of a team so we actually like to sort of sit down and talk through things and Karen will sort of have ideas where, you know, the paper that we're doing should, you know, perhaps pick up these couple of, you know, points and I might have missed them so we'll sort of talk through the reasons why they should or should not be in or, and just sort of, she might know some information from some of the discussions she's had with other senior managers that I'm not privy to so it's that additional information so we kind of work as a bit of a team. So yeah, so it was good. Eating free day yesterday, just after twelve o'clock, down at a place called, called Cater I think in Adelaide Street. It's one of our regular haunts. A variety, they have like a set menu that you can order from or they have a bit of a sort of lunch buffet area and the buffet's always a bit cheaper. Buffet yesterday. They have sort of a small range so you can either, could have had a pork or a beef baguette yesterday or a lasagna. Ah, there was, I'm just trying to think. It's amazing when you sort of, a day away, they normally sort of have side salads as well so you can have that. Honestly, I can't remember. I did, I had the pork baguette with a side salad of potato pesto. I had a long lunch yesterday. Much to my husband's amazement and shock that, you know, because I'm always out to lunch apparently in his book, that I went out for an hour and a half. Um, quiet-ish. I mean, there's always a lot to do at the moment because we cancelled our March board meeting. We've actually got a few weeks breather so it's been a good opportunity to try and catch up on things that we haven't, haven't done and we've actually got a business case in now that I've started reviewing so it's sort of given me, you know, an extra fortnight to be able to do something and yeah, it's productive. No, he's actually very fast. Only a minute. I was only, just got down there and the next minute he comes around the corner so yeah. Um, does that include actually the stopping time to pick them up? Um, we got home around five o'clock today. No, no, no, because it normally takes about two hours to try and sit with the kids to work out exactly what they want. Do we want this photo or do you want that photo? And, because I guess being they're Easter hats it's an opportunity for them to have input into, into owning the hat and Mum just makes it so. Um, well, nothing much to them. Just copying some photos off the Microsoft website where you get all the downloads of the photos and then just sort of putting them onto a piece of paper, printing them out, laminating it and then just cutting them up and gluing them together with some sticky tape and a few staples. And the hat's just a round hat that sits on his head with a couple of bunnies sticking off it and the pictures on there are a bit of a design of, you know, the Easter bunny sort of, you know, stopping at a house and dropping some kids off so there's a bit of a story to tell around the, around the hat. So he was happy and, and my daughters was sort of like a, um, I suppose a bit of a sunshade, had sort of a, a round bit again and just sort of some bits coming, coming out the side that managed to form a bit of a hat. So she was happy. Ah, yes I did. I had chicken last night, did I? I don't remember saying I had chicken last night. What I, well I didn't actually have dinner last night. There you were jumping to conclusions there. Ah, no, because I went out for, for lunch, I was actually still rather full so I just had a piece of toast and Vegemite last night. Um, for my, the kids, they had fish with vegetables and hubby had leftovers from the night before which was some chicken and avocado pastries. Not really. Well, let's just say I got into bed but didn't actually go to sleep because I was too wide awake and I suppose wired from doing all of the work so it was sort of a bit of a relaxation watching a bit of TV and then to bed. No comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment. Okay?