 Okay, well, starting at six o'clock, the alarm went off and I didn't want to get out of bed. But yeah, I got up. I had to get up actually because the builders were again coming at seven o'clock, so I didn't have a choice to get up and get ready and get the kids ready. So I did that, got their breakfast, got dressed, still running around moving furniture as they arrived. But the kids were fine. The builders got a little puppy, so they were more than happy and occupied while I sort of ran around and got everything else organised before we left and didn't have to walk this time. Hubby was home, so we actually got a lift down to the station and then he dropped the kids off. So I got in here about ten to eight and this week's actually been a bit of a slack week. It's the lull after we've had our meeting last week and got all of our paperwork done. The deputy signed off on all the submissions and the minutes, so I was able to send those out yesterday morning, which was great. And that finished off the process for the April meeting and now we're just sort of getting ready for the May meeting. But at the moment we haven't got any documents in, so yesterday was a bit of a slow day, but good. It was a clean up day. So because of the Corporate Governance Review, we don't know what will happen to our committee in the future. So at the moment I'm just actually going through and doing all the filing, those horrible jobs that everyone doesn't like doing. So I spent a couple of hours doing filing and getting the files up to date and ready to be packaged up and sent to the repository area if need be. And just going back and looking through all of our meeting notes, just making sure that there's no outstanding actions, that they've all definitely been closed and everything's up to date. Sort of a bit of an audit trail, I guess. And then we had a couple of meetings. We tend to provide post feedback to projects that had documentation at any of the meetings, so just to sit down and outline some of the discussions that we had at the meeting. So I met a couple of projects yesterday for about half an hour and just went through with them some of the outcomes and just to give them some hints and tips on what MPC were looking for, because they requested some documentation for the May meeting. So just sitting down, going through with them and saying, well, this is what the discussion was about at MPC and this is the type of information that they're actually looking for in the document. So the right decision can be made at the meeting on the right information that was requested. And that was pretty much yesterday at work. So I ended up leaving about quarter past four and caught the train back home and got warned by my husband to close my eyes when I got home, because it was a bit of a demolition site. The builders have actually knocked out some of the brickwork because we're having archways squared off. So they've actually knocked all the archways out and trying to square them off. So there's bricks all over the yard and he just keeps reminding me that it's only for a short time and the grass will grow back. So yes, I ended up getting dinner and everything ready. So the kids had some veggies and fish fingers. I love their fish fingers and occasionally get them as a treat, but they got lots of veggies. And Matt and I ended up having some pie, a couple of pies and veggies. That's always nice. And then we sit and we watched a bit of TV and the kids ended up going to bed sort of about eight o'clock. So I read, or first actually helped them with their homework and then got them off to bed about eight o'clock and read them a story at the moment. Although they didn't actually go to bed until about nine o'clock and then sort of got all their lunches ready. And Matt ended up leaving for work about five past nine and I ended up spending a couple of hours doing some painting. Because at the moment my daughter's sharing, bunking in with her brother. And after two weeks, I think the two of them are starting to get on each other's nerves. So the sooner I get her room ready for her to move back in. So yeah, I did a couple of hours painting and ended up going to bed about quarter past 11. And then we're back here again today. So you woke up at six o'clock yesterday? I did. Yep. And so running around getting everything ready for the builders at seven. That's correct. Do they let you know the evening before what they're going to be working on that day? They normally do because the way we've actually worked it is so we're able to move things gradually and to be able to put things back gradually rather than trying to move everything all in one hit. It's actually worked out quite well. So you had to move a bit in the morning before they came? Yes, just a little bit. Mainly in sort of the sunroom area when I had been doing some painting. I'd moved everything in there, but of course had to move it back when they came in so they could get in and access the windows. So you mentioned that the builder brings a puppy with him. What type of dog is it? It's a Staffy, a little puppy, Staffy. It's probably only about 10, 11 weeks old. Really? Yes, kids think it's adorable. And the puppy just hangs around for the day while he's working? Yes, eventually when it grows up it'll be like the guard dog looking after the trailer and the tools and that, but at the moment I don't think it's doing much looking after. I think he's just more interested in wandering around and having a look and that. But yes, lovely natured dog, very cute. Yes, it would be nice to have a dog but they do grow up. Yes, they do. So you got a lift to the train station in the morning? I did. Was the train busy yesterday? No, I actually got a seat which was quite unusual. Mondays tend to be a bit of a slow day. I think people at times take Mondays off and have a bit of a long weekend. So did you read a book or catch up on emails or anything on the train? I read a book, almost finished the book that I started a couple of weeks ago. It's getting quite interesting now and reluctant to put it down but yes, you do have to get off the train at Roma Street because it terminates at Roma Street. Yes, and I'm not sure if you've ever been on the train. Yes, it's only you stop mid-chapter and then you want to keep reading. Yes, and no unfortunately I'm not one of those ones that can walk and read at the same time. No, especially through Roma Street it's going to be hard. So you got into work just before 8 o'clock? That's right. So you sent them the meeting minutes out. Do you have a group that you have to send those to or do you send them? Normally once the chair has okayed it for release we actually send it back out to all the board members so there's including the chair there's actually six board members which the document goes to plus there's a couple of other people that are considered observers or advisors which although not members still attend the meeting so they actually get the outcomes as well. So you send it to about 10 people? Yes, about 10. So then you mentioned you did filing for a couple of hours. Is that just a regular part of your job? Well, you could say it's regular but it's just one of those jobs that you never get really around to doing it and because it's not a priority per se you just sort of stick it there and think well if I get five minutes free I'll do some filing but it's sort of at the point now where because we know that MPC may or may not exist in its format it's an opportune time to actually sit and really get in and you know just make sure that all the files are tidied up. Yep, and you had a couple of meetings in the afternoon. How many did you have? Two. Were they about how many? The first one was probably about 40 minutes and the next one although we had a half an hour allocated went for an hour. And were these before or after? After lunch. So did you have lunch in the after the meeting? Yes. What did you have? A cup of coffee and a couple of biscuits. Yep, just a quick lunch. Just a quick lunch. No long two-hour public servant lunches for us. So when you got home the archways had been knocked down. Yes. Did it look very different? Yes, it did. It did. Half the house was missing. Not a good look but yeah very different. So they're just knocked down at this stage, they're not squared off yet? No, not squared off at the moment because they've got to put all the bracings in to actually hold them up at the moment. They're just sort of like propped up. Does it open it up a lot? Yes, yeah it does. It does and it'll actually be really good because having to walk through the doors you always have to remember to actually bob your head as you go through because they're actually quite low with the arches. We're at least now squared off. You've got a decent head height to be able to walk through. Yeah, that's a plus. It is. So you had pie and vegetables for dinner. What flavour pie was it? It was a steak and cheese pie. And just little mini pies or was it a big pie? No, they were the big pie. And you watched TV a little bit. Do you remember what you watched? Yes, Grimm. And is that still the first series of that? No, it's the second series. And then you did a bit of homework with the kids. What was the subject they were working on? Well, they don't actually have a subject really. They have an activity page that they probably have about six or seven activities that they have to do. So it's a bit of a variety of everything. You might have a bit of English. There might be two or three questions about English. One might be about maths and one sort of just a general activity. It might be a bit of history. So they'll have a brief paragraph and that'll be a history topic and they might have to pick points out of it. When did Captain Cook arrive in Australia or something like that. So just general type of questions, activity. And did you have to help them with much of it or was it just steering them in the right direction? Probably steering them in the right direction. They sort of have their own ideas of what they want to do. And as much as you can tell them or offer them advice at times, they just want to do what they want to do. And they know, well, they've got to learn. So after that, you did a couple of hours painting. What were you painting for the daughter's bedroom? Yes, the daughter's bedroom and painted the walls. I'd done the ceiling the previous night and I was painting the walls this time. And what colour did you do? It's called antique white, sort of an off-white cream colour. And it's looking good? It is. It is. Even though I do say so myself, I haven't missed any parts. So that's always a good sign. And you're sort of painting at night and you've got lights and everything, but it's always hard to tell because at times you're painting in your shadow and you're sort of thinking, well, have I missed a spot or is it the actual shadow? So this morning in natural light is always a good indication and I can't see anything. So that's good. Very good. Now I'm going to ask you a series of questions and I'd like you to Did you wake up at? No comment. Did you build or arrive at 8am? No comment. Did you get a seat on the way? No comment. Did you almost do a book? No comment. Did you send the meeting minutes? No comment. Did you do a plane tour? No comment. Did you have a sandwich today? No comment. Did you have two meetings in the afternoon? No comment. Did you have steak and cheese dinner? No comment. Did you watch a movie in the evening? No comment. And did you? No comment. Excellent. Wow.