 Do I have to think about what I did yesterday? Okay, right Another busy day. Where do I start? I got woken up at quarter to 5 4.45 a.m By my husband who was getting organized to go to Rockhampton for the day. I then at 5.30 took him to the Train station at Bowen Hills for him to catch the airport train to the airport got half the way back home And I got a call he missed the train So at 5.30 in my pajamas I had to drive him to the airport so he could get his flight I suppose I should premise this by saying three children were at home asleep So So I returned back home at about it was quarter past 6 6 6 quarter past I got the kids up because they had to be at school at 7 a.m My middle son Joshua had cross-country training my oldest son Isaac had ensemble and so They all got up got dressed got lunches We were out of the house at quarter to 7 drop them off at school at Morris College at Ashgrove I came back with my youngest son had breakfast and got ready for school and work dropped him at school at 8 o'clock Caught the bus to work Arrived at work at approximately Actually, it was that quarter past 8 commenced my day that involved reviewing emails Preparing for a meeting I had a client as a steering committee meeting from 2 to 3 in the afternoon That involves the assistant commissioners and executive directors a few of them I prepared for that meeting and including checking technology. We actually did a Demonstration of a survey that I've developed so I made sure that everything worked in the room Three o'clock minute meeting finished I left work at four o'clock I walked back to school back to the little school at Newmarket Market collected one son from after-school care at about approximately 445 Collected the other two from my sister's house at Ashgrove at 5 dropped one child to tutoring at Ashgrove at 5 p.m Took the other two home got dinner ready very quickly Then went back to school my eldest son had a Concert on a guitar concert. So we were back at school at 630 for that Concert went from 7 to 8 p.m My husband had come home in the meantime and had picked another child up from tutoring and had the other one at home So I arrived back home at approximately quarter past 8 Cleaned up the kitchen and then got ready to go to netball at 920 hate the 920 netball games So it was pretty horrendous day actually back out of the house at 9 o'clock to go to netball Was half asleep, so I didn't play very well at all I am the goal shooter and goal attack for the team But couldn't seem to get a goal in because I was half asleep Anyway, it got back home at about quarter past 10 And of course you can never get to sleep after exercising that late So I watched Grey's Anatomy and then finally forced myself to try to go to sleep at about 1130 Because I had to be up at 5 5 30 for work this morning. There you go That was only a Monday Monday normally, I don't have to get up and take my husband to the airport because he misses the train Mmm he turning the light on at quarter to five and then going downstairs and putting his porridge on and turning the light back off Lovely not a bone of contention at all in our family Yes, he did he missed it by about a minute we got we caught a few lights and there was a bit of roadworks on the way So unfortunately Well, we only live five minutes away if that so no he was there for a while But he was only five minutes away if that so no he well by the time I picked up the phone and you know We sort of I missed the first call and then anyway, I was already on a roach that I couldn't turn around So I had to go halfway home and then get on a get on a roundabout to actually be able to turn back So it took me a bit of time. No if he caught the next half an hour, they're half hourly So if he waited for the next half hour one, he would have missed his flight And how long does drive take Ah fantastic straight on the airport link. It takes about 15 minutes, especially that time in the morning. No traffic It was no traffic lights on the way one traffic light on the way home. Hmm just cost us money So you got home and you only had Lunch boxes. What do you need? What instruments are going where get your uniform packed because they they have to change that They go in there running gear and then they have to change and so yes fun Got all the lunches ready in that time as well I did, I'm out of the house So you did the first and then you can eat breakfast A bowl of muesli and a coffee glass of water I do, I've been trying to have it since 4.30 So the bus in a bit later than you used No, it's about on time. I turned up at the bus stop and the bus was right there, which is very unusual And the bus was it wasn't full. I got a seat. So it was standard. It was good Is the bus your time thing? Yes, before I get to work and it's only a 10 minute trip into work. So it's good So you spent the morning Plus other things. Yeah And this meeting? No, we're now quarterly meetings of the steering committee. It was once a month while we were developing the strategy I was working on Now it's turned into quarterly implementation meetings There's normally six and we had seven. We were down two AC Condon and acting AC McDonald were out There was two, three, four, five, six of us. Six in total. Sorry, I forget about myself and my boss We do all the work but we're not actually considered that we're on the committee So what did you have for breakfast? I had leftover roast lamb and vegetables Did you have time to pack that in the morning? Well, it was already packed from the night before. Pulled it out of the fridge And the meeting went for two hours Actually, we sped through it. Half an hour And you mentioned you I walked home from work to school So I caught the bus in. I left the car at school So I left the car at school, dropped my son off and then walked to the bus So I walked back to the car which was at the little school at Newmarket And then you put boys up. Do they walk? Yes, yep And then the guitar concert, are you in that? My eldest son is playing guitar. My middle son is doing clarinet and piano And my youngest son's just doing piano So the guitar concert was just for the ensembles in the junior school at Marist So Isaac, my eldest son, is part of the guitar ensemble So there was also strings and the Marist voices But it was the junior school There was a couple of senior school boys there in one of the clarinet No, one of the big ones. One of the big, you know, the big Cellos The cello So there was a violin and two cellos And two of the older boys in the senior school and one grade 7 boy And my goodness, they were really good And I suppose it's to inspire the young kids to see what can happen It was very nice So did your son play a song or was it just the guitar? No, he just played three songs in the beginning So they just had the guitar ensembles and they moved out Then the next one moved in and then the voices came in So it was all individual performances by the different ensembles And did you know the songs they were playing? A few classical pieces I knew some of them. There was a Coldplay song Which is nice that they try to engage the kids at their level So I knew most of the tunes, what you could figure out from them And the Coldplay song was that one you played? No, no, that was this very good cello ensemble that did that And you had netball as well And did your team end up winning? No, we lost because I couldn't seem to get a goal in I couldn't get a basket in But anyway, we should have won It was very frustrating because we should have won We were actually better than them, we were just making a lot of mistakes I think we were all tired, didn't want to be there Is that a normal time game? That is the latest game you'll have every now and again You'll get the 920s, but they're killers They're just horrible And is it netball too? No, it's indoor netball and it's all at one venue Alright, so I'll ask you a series of questions No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment No comment, no comment, no comment Did you go to the Indy Eve? No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment Ta-da! Yay! Oh, these guys