 Yesterday I actually, fairly, well what did I do yesterday? Very good question. Okay, yesterday my eldest son was at state swimming. So I actually swapped days. I normally work but I actually had a leave day yesterday and so I dropped the children to school as I normally do. Actually my husband normally does it on a Tuesday morning because normally I'm at work by 6.30. So my second son I dropped to school. We went to the uniform shop first because both of the older boys have to have a winter uniform and rugby and soccer fit out for their upcoming soccer and rugby trials for school. Dropped the second boy at school, dropped the third boy at school and then went on to the Sleeman Aquatic Centre out at, couldn't even tell you where it is, Chandler and sat and watched my son do his final 50m breaststroke race. He did it in a time of 41 seconds which he wasn't that happy with himself. Previously he'd done a personal best time on Sunday of 40.5 seconds and so he was hoping to go under 40 seconds for his time but unfortunately he just wasn't there on the day and he only did a 41 which is still amazing, you know, it's 0.5 of a second for goodness sake and if he'd done a 40 or a 39 he would have gone to the final but unfortunately he didn't, that was fine. So I dropped him then back to school as he had rugby trials in the afternoon and after dropping him back to school we are currently renovating a rental property so I had to do a bit of running around getting light bulbs and a few other things for the rental property. Went home, had lunch, spoke to the painter from next door who, from the rental property who's just finished, he gave me his bill, then somebody dropped in with some information for the swim club that I'm treasurer for. Then I went to pick up all the children from school from the two different schools. After school, after afternoon tea, two of the children went to swim squad up at Kelvin Grove School at 4.30, picked them up at quarter to six as the younger one had to go on to soccer training which my husband thankfully came home and took him to soccer training. Then I did dinner, did some washing, checked homework, children to bed, fell into bed at about 9.30. Is that enough? Swimming. Oh good god, thank god it's finished. 5.30am, naturally woke up 5.30 every morning. No, on a Tuesday and a Wednesday, yes. 10 to 8, yes. I had a bowl of cornflake and a coffee. I picked it all up at the time and the children were there and they tried on so we had correct sizes. 30 minutes, yes. We were there probably about an hour before the race. Yes. There's the pool deck and then there's the first level of seating and the second level of seating. We're in the first level of seating. Yes, but they don't. They're a bit nervous when they go down to the pool deck for that race. Yes, I saw all the backstroke and then the breaststroke, 50-metre breaststroke up until the under 10s, under 11s, under 12s, 50-metre breaststroke. It is his best stroke, yes. This is the Queensland State Championships so it's all the regions are competing against each other so I had already been through. So he got nominated from his school with the time, like you have to actually get some set times and if you qualify for the times then you get nominated district. If you get through districts you go to regionals, if you get through regionals you go to states. And then states, they take the top four competitors again if they meet certain times onto nationals. But we'd already said no, he wasn't going onto nationals because it's a week in August and it's all bad timing. But we don't have to worry because his times are fantastic to make it through. Very good for his confidence and it was great being part of the process so it was all good. All good. Hopefully, yes, he's in grade seven this year so he's not an over-enthusiastic swimmer. However, we have promoted it because it's been so good for health, physique, core body muscles is just incredible. You should see the swimmers' bodies, they just, it's so aerobic for every part of your body as well as the whole breathing capacity and the whole structure of it. So I think I'm going to bribe him to keep swimming. He plays rugby, he has previously played soccer, he's just gone over to rugby this year, which I'm a bit nervous about, and his two younger brothers play soccer. Well, I don't know, he's a very, very tall boy, so he's only 12 and he's taller than me. And he's, because he's so big I'm just worried about him getting hurt. But at any rate, he'll be fine. He'll be fine. Well, the height and the strength from swimming, he's very strong because he's got all these wonderful muscles from swimming. Yes, they do. In each of the age category, they do up to four heats and they spread the times of the children so they don't have the fastest all in one race. And then the 10 fastest go through to the finals. So no, he didn't make it through to a final. He came in his individual race out of 10, I think he came six and out of a cohort, I think there were 40 races in his age group, he came 15. Yeah, it's not bad. Yes. What don't we have to renovate? It's been an ongoing process. It's an upstairs of, it's three flats, two downstairs, one up and the flat upstairs has never been touched in the last hundred years. So we've actually created some extra bedrooms, we've restructured, I suppose, the lounge room in the kitchen, new bathroom. So we've put in new walls, we actually removed asbestos and did all the plastering involved in that as well afterwards. So it's all been repainted. We had to, not so much rewire, but we had to put a new fuse box in. We're putting air conditioners in, so new electrical, new air conditioners, new floor coverings. It's been an ongoing arduous process. January? Yes, January, yes. The two bottom ones are all currently rented, rented separately. Yes, but it's not too bad because they're not home during the day and the noise, it's quite insulated between the up and the down, so they haven't been too affected, which is good. I had chicken stir fry, which was left over from Monday night's dinner. Yes, yes, yes, yes. My oldest and my youngest. Yes, we had steak and vegetables. Yes, with no comment. Oh, okay. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Very good.