 I had to get up, actually I woke up a bit early because my husband was on an early shift starting at 6 so he woke up around 5 and was sort of gone by about 20 past 5. Didn't get much of a sleep in because once you're awake at times you're always thinking am I going to hear the alarm go off again. And yesterday was a bit of a rush in the morning because we're getting a few renovations done around the house so the builder was coming at 7 o'clock although at times he's a little bit before 7 so you've got to make sure that you're up and dressed and the kids are ready because there's nothing worse than having someone coming in when you're not dressed. But it was all good, he came in about 5 past 7 and had a chat about what he had planned for a couple of things and let him know that I'd cleaned everything out of the room so he was right to go in and start doing some demolition work. Not looking forward to the clean up though unfortunately. Left probably about a quarter past 7 and walked down to the school with the kids, dropped them off and then jumped on a train and came in, got in probably about a quarter past 8 and then we had our committee meeting yesterday so I had to get all the meeting rooms set up for that and make sure all the papers were done. And it started at about 9.30 and we had the three deputies and a couple of ACs. It was an interesting meeting because we're going through a corporate governance review at the moment so we had the rep from Deloitte sitting in on the meeting and so hopefully it was a good meeting for her that she's taken away some food for thought. And that finished actually in record time I must say, just about 40 minutes the meeting took so it was just after 10 when we finished and then just packed up and went back and spent the day doing the minutes and getting the paperwork ready to be sent out to the chair for his approval before we send it on to the board members. And then just had a couple of phone calls from people wanting to know some of the documents that we use say for a project plan would be suitable for their project. It's a small project so it's a little bit overkill so it's just sort of sitting down looking at what segments of the plan that he can actually use so I'm just doing a cut down version of that ready to send back to him today. And as always normally after a meeting you sort of have a bit of an anti-climax because there's sort of so much pressure in the lead up and once the meeting's over you sort of sit back and relax a bit so the afternoon kind of like dragged on a little bit but I ended up leaving early yesterday because I had to go and pick up the kids and I wanted to try and get home and see if the builder was still there but unfortunately he'd finished for the day. But the sun was going down so I suppose it was about the right time for him to have finished and gone anyway. And then I just rushed around and get the kids their dinner because Matt was actually on four hours overtime and ended up getting home about quarter to seven last night so and we just sat down and had a bit of dinner and did a bit of clean up and helped the kids with the homework and before we know it it was 9.30 and time for us to start thinking about going to bed. So that was sort of pretty much it. So you woke up about 5 did you stay in bed or did you get up? Most definitely stayed in bed. What time did you end up? Oh it was probably about two minutes past six. Well yeah, looking at the ceiling. So you mentioned that the builder was arriving about seven o'clock in renovation, is that his first day? No he'd been there about four days in total prior to that. And what sort of work is he doing? We're having all the windows in the house replaced. The windows are probably about 20 years old and some of the seals have started to go on them so it's time to modernise the house a little bit. He's actually building up a couple of the windows because they've had floor to ceiling windows which have the lovely orange yellow glass, very 70s looking so we're actually bricking that up to sort of legal height at the moment for safety reasons because we're a two storey place. And once he finishes that then we're having the whole house rendered and there's a little bit of work inside. We're having a set of stairs taken out and so he's got to replace the floor in that. Piece of dust. So how long, has he given you a quote based on how long he'll be? Is it a couple of weeks or a month? Well hopefully he'll be finished in about three weeks time and that includes all the additional tradies that he's got coming in because he's got the brickie coming in which will take a couple of days for his work and the renderer can't really start until the brickie finishes. And so once that's all done then he's got to come back and just do a little bit of work and then we've got to get the company that's doing the doors to actually come in and put all the screens in but they don't want to come back until all the other tradies are gone. So that's almost the whole house is a construction site. It is, it is. Sleeping in the lounge room floor on a mattress at the moment. So you're getting it rendered? Have you picked your colour out already? We have. We've actually had one wall of the house already rendered from some previous work that we did and it's called sort of a sand bark colour. Getting into sort of the tones I guess of the beach and I guess Queensland the way it is. Sort of a cream beige type colour. And that'll change your house if you bring it to Sydney? It will very well. I mean we've had a very 1970s house and we've gotten hooked on selling houses astray because at the moment they're doing 70s and 80s style houses so my husband and I sit there laughing because it's like oh my god that's our kitchen. Brown and orange and white splash backs and oh my god that's the same curtain rod that we had in the lounge room. You know the timber design with the timber hooks and everything. I know I'm going to borrow Shana for a couple of days. She's good. Alright so you left to walk to school about 7.15pm. How long does a walk take you? Probably about 7 or 8 minutes. And then from dropping the kids at school did you have to... No I actually ran for the train. I saw it coming in. So high heels and all ran for the train up the stairs and down and got there just in time. Yeah very good. And was the train busy in the morning? No this one was actually quiet. There's one that comes through probably about 10-15 minutes before that and I saw quite a few people getting on at the station so this one wasn't too bad. Got a seat and was able to read my book. Very good. And what book are you reading? I dare say it's actually a detective book. And it's about two detectives in LA who thought they had actually captured a serial killer and had put him away a number of years ago because he had evidence and sort of some tokens of killings that had been done and it turns out that they had actually been implanted on him by the real serial killer who has actually started back now. Something has triggered him and he's actually starting back. And just all the emotional rollercoaster ride that they're actually going through realising that they did get the wrong man and sort of the guilt complexes I suppose that are happening now that if they had gotten the right man that the killings now wouldn't be happening again. Rather interesting. Bit gory too. Are you about halfway through or are you closer to the end? About halfway. So you started work at 8.15 yesterday. Did you basically have to start setting the meetings straight away? No just sort of touching base with the boss and sort of seeing what she was doing at the moment whether she needed a hand and she was right just printing out the last lot of the papers and I said well if that's right and you're right with that I'll go and start setting up the meeting room. And as usual things never go according to plan. Technology is wonderful when it works but when it doesn't it's a nightmare. And what had happened was we have remote keyboards and mouses as we sort of use the screen and bring up a lot of the documents actually on screen and unfortunately no one had bothered to recharge the mouse from previous options and the batteries in the keyboards were all flat so I had to go on the scrounge for some batteries and thankfully I was able to find some and got things organised. But normally I always leave enough time for the meeting set up so you're not sort of in a rush and stalling the meeting from starting. And how many people were there? We actually had about 10 people, 10 or 11 people. How long did you have to spend doing the meeting? The minutes probably took us about two hours to do which is actually very good comfort to us in the sense that we normally do agenda papers that come over the top of the documents so we had a revised business case for one of the projects. The scope had changed so much they needed to revise the business case so we did an agenda paper up with some recommendations for the board on a course of action and it's always comforting to know that we've hit the nail on the head and picked up all the issues when they sit down and go through the recommendations and are actually happy with them and tick them off which makes things easier at the end to get all the minutes out a lot quicker. And we also had one that I'm quite proud of was an annual performance review for the board and it's based around I suppose the commercial type annual plans and reports that actually come out so from your major companies like Extrata or one of the infrastructure companies. So it sort of talked about the performance of the board and the influences that had happened to through 2012 that were impacting on their performance and decision making. Had a couple of nice graphs about the meetings that they attended last year versus the meetings this year, the variety of issues that they had actually dealt with and then sort of did a bit of a conclusion wrap up and the year ahead again we're still going to be impacted by a number of issues, the state budget or lack of a budget, the new QPS structure that we transitioned to and the corporate governance review which kind of leaves things a little bit unknown at the time. So yeah quite impressed that it actually got through all of our levels of tick off and the board actually signed off on it so very pleased. Very good. So you left work a bit early yesterday, what time did you leave? About quarter to four. And the builder had already left on you going? He did yeah. And what did you cook? Well I didn't do much cooking I must admit, it was just whip out some of the leftovers so the kids had some little chicken filet pastry things that I'd made for them and had some veggies on the side so they had some pumpkin and carrot on the side and then when Matt came home we ended up having a couple of the pastries as well and just a bit of salad on the side because we had an avocado that was going off that I found in the fridge so I thought we'd better use it. And you were in bed about 9.30 yeah? Yeah. Now I'm going to ask you a series of questions and I'd like you to respond with did you wake up? No comment, no comment. Is your house? No comment. Builder or? No comment. Did you catch? No comment. Did you read your plan on the train? No comment, no comment, no comment. Did you finish? No comment. For dinner last night? No comment. And did you go to bed? No comment.