 Yeah, I'll do Sunday because yesterday was pretty boring. Well, I got up and had breakfast and left for work. I started work at 9.30 and then I had to set up the conference room for a... We have a guest speaker on once a month and that went through till about 12.30 and then went back to the museum from the conference room and had lunch and then I finished up at 3 o'clock, that's when we closed the museum. I jumped on my bike and rode into the city and picked up a card and some wrapping paper and then I rode on to Officeworks at Woolloongabba and picked up a print I was getting put on canvas as a surprise anniversary present and then I rode home with the large print trying to stop it swinging over and hitting the wall and the spokes of my bike. Got home about quarter past five and then hid the print under the house so I could surprise my wife on the anniversary day, got me to keep going. Then I went for a jog, about a 10km jog over to the university, UQ. Got home and I watched a bit of TV. Then I got up after a couple of hours and had a terrible cramp in my leg and whinged and complained and then went to bed. That was about seven. Three. Peanut butter, oh, paint. Ten past nine. No, that was pretty well lit. I already had my sunset work. I always work the Sunday that we're open once a month. No, I just get a bit of overtime. The guest speaker was an author and he spoke about snippets from baby boomers baby boomers years. It was a pretty poor turnout. We only had 22 people. We usually get over 50. I don't think there was a lot of interest. I think we had trouble getting a speaker for that month. We do have a bit of trouble sometimes if it's a police officer talking from a different section that's when we usually get the large crowds. Somebody from the dog squad, we can get up to 80 people because they always bring a puppy and a working dog and the people love that. But this snippet's from baby boomers. It didn't have anything about police, even though he did speak about some of the events that happened years ago. But it's mainly about knocking down Cloudland, the old dance hall. It's mainly general public. We don't get too many from police headquarters. It's usually in the 60 to 80 group because we have feedback forms and we get them to mark off what age group they're in. So it's mainly 60 to 80. Yes, I do. Yeah, we've got our regulars, but there wasn't too many for this subject. Yeah, yes, yeah. No, we don't put on anything like that because the lectures and talks are all free and yeah. Yeah, well, I'd bought a little extra during the week so I had something left over for Sunday. Just two bread rolls of chicken and a bit of salad on the rolls. It's pretty quiet. You don't get too many in the museum. It's the lectures. When we started off, we didn't have people speaking, speakers, so we were only getting a handful of people. So we introduced the guest speakers and that's lifted the crowds. It's worth opening for that. Yeah, they let me work those because I'm on the lowest pay, so they let me do the airtime. Regulars aren't that interested in giving up, you know, Sunday. Yes. Yeah, I just went to the reject shop and then I had to carry on through to Woolloongabba to pick up my print. No, no, I think that was it. Yeah, I got everything I wanted from there. Um, probably 15 minutes. Yeah, yeah, it was. It's 16 by 24. Oh, it was the wind. He said, you want me to leave it in bubble wrap? Would you want to have a look at it? And so I said, I'll leave it in the bubble wrap. And I was holding it out here and the wind was picking it up and I hit a wall. It was along the bicycle path, hit the wall and I don't know if it damaged the corner a bit. Then I pulled it back and hit the spokes. Oh, gee. Yeah, it was, um, well, we're only, well, we're two suburbs away. Um, so it was only about four kilometers or so. It was a hard ride just with one hand and trying to hit the... Going downhill. Yeah, she's always home when I get home. She's out, she goes out some days while I'm at work and, um, because she's looking for work, you know, but when I get home, she's always home. So I had to go under the house and be pretty quiet. And it's all dusty and dirty under there, but I thought a few days keeping it hidden there won't be too bad. I did it this morning. Mm. Oh, it just had butterflies on the, on the paper. It wasn't much to choose from. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. We watched the voice in 60 Minutes. Uh, one of them was about a guy that had lost a hand and a half his leg to a shark. And he was going back in the water to swim with sharks. Um, and, and, and the guy from 60 Minutes went down with him. Peter Roper, whatever his name is. They put all this blood in the water to attract the sharks. So I can't get over. No, they weren't. And they were actually feeding them with fish. Yeah. They're bare hands. No, they were, um, oh, they call them the shark that took him. Was it a bull? Yeah. They reckon they're the most dangerous. So there was one of those swimming around. And so, and the other story was on Leonardo Capri. Yeah. So I remember that. Um, yeah, I think so. Cause I drank a fair bit of water when I got back. And yeah, so that was it. I wasn't sure how to do it and the wife, she heard me screaming out and she said, well, I get heat or, or, um, ice. And I said, well, the footballers when I watched the Broncos play, they use ice. So get me some ice and it seemed to work out for a while, but it's still sore even now. Yeah. And strength, such a big muscle. Yeah. Yeah. It was quite late. Um, my wife's doing job applications all the time. So she wanted me to read one of those. And that took me, um, probably over an hour. Try and, um, restructure some of the sentences. Yeah. About capacity living. Hmm. I know comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Oh, you're welcome.