 I got out of bed about 6.30 and I had my breakfast, left for work about 7.30 and arrived about 10 to 8. Then I went to the gym for about half an hour and I was back down at work by quarter to nine and then I spent the next part of the day doing a project I'm working on at the moment. That was part of my working day and it was just lunch then and back onto this project. A very thrilling day. And then I left work at a quarter to five, got home and got changed and went for a jog over to the University of Queensland and jogged for probably 45 minutes and then came home and made dinner for my wife and myself. Then we watched a bit of television and then I did the dishes and what else happened. And then I went to bed about half past eleven and that was my day. No, no, it's routine. No, I've never needed an alarm. Two pieces of toast. I had peanut paste. I cycle to work. I just live at South Brisbane so it's only a 20 minute ride. It is, I go through South Bank so it's always a nice ride. I ride it whether it's raining or fine. Mainly weights with a few machines and on the mat doing sit ups at the top of exercise. I aim to go three times a week. It's pretty well the same as the program I was given to try and improve my running. Not really. I think I overdo it. I get old and try to lift too heavy and then strain something and I can't run or go to the gym for a few weeks. So I've just got to remember to not copy other people in the gym that are probably 20 years younger than I am. Yes, around about then. Only since Wednesday last week, Lisa and I are sharing the job. We're trying to look at every police officer from the 1860s through to about the 1990s. They're all on these cards to give personal particulars. Oh, it's a gigantic job. I'd say another couple of months. We've already got a lot of them on database. So we're just cross referencing these other cards we found down at another section at shared service. Yes, it was. I stopped about one o'clock. Yes, I did. It was ham and salad on two bread rolls. I usually finish about quarter to five every day. Yes, I did. Yeah, I spoke to my wife for probably half an hour and then I went for the run. Yeah, I used to go the same way. There's running paths along the river, the UQ. So that's what I stick to. I think it's about eight kilometers. Just a casual job. Yes, yes. After I'd cooled down, had a shower and for me and my wife, it's pretty boring. It was stir fry vegetables with tofu. She's trying to be a vegetarian. Oh, it's all right occasionally. But I like a bit of chicken or something in a stir fry and tofu. Yes, yes. We watched The Voice. Yeah. Which judge? I'd probably go with Seal. He seemed to have the best coaching methods, I think. Comes across that way anyway. Hmm. Gee, I can't remember. We did watch something after that. We were more channel surfing. So a bit of everything. Yes, yes. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Okay.