 Well, I got to, I rode my bicycle to work, got to work about 8.30 and just started on the project I'd been working on for a week and a half, checking all the starting and finishing dates of all the police officers over the years. Then I had a call from my wife to meet her for lunch, she had to go into town and see a specialist up on Wickham Terrace. And so we met and had lunch for about an hour and then I just went back to work and finished work about 5 o'clock. I cycled home and then I had to put a lot of branches that I'd cut down into the wheelie bin. Wheelie bin collection morning. Then I went for a jog, I was all warmed up after cutting up the branches from a huge jog. I came and we had leftovers for dinner from the night before, chicken drumsticks and I just baked some vegetables to go with it. We sat down to watch TV, wasn't much on so we put a DVD on. Went to bed about 11.30, oh about 6.30, yes I did. I had some cereal and a couple of slices of toast. I wait till morning tea at work, it's a hard life. Yes it was, it's good zooming past all the traffic. Yeah, I have to ride past two schools so that's a bit challenging with people double parking and dropping off kids but once I'm past that part it's good. Yes, we're from A to Z, we're only up to the third draw, the 17 draws, so we're up to the letter E so we've got a long way to go. We've already got them down on a database from the Police Gazette and these draws we're getting with all the cards in, it's just like cross referencing and we're coming up with some others that we haven't got copied down so yeah, we're just being very thorough person. Yes, we have, the starting dates mainly, they've differed in a few. Oh, well some of them back in the 50s, that would still be around but I'm leaving that up to Lisa to work out. Yeah, I'm writing down all the discrepancies and yeah, she can work out what she wants to go with, all the Police Gazettes, all these cards. I'd say the cards would be the more accurate. That was midday, 2 till 1. Yes, she walked from the terrace and we just went to the Transcontinental Hotel there. Well I had my lunch back at work so she had a bowl of chips and an alioli and I had a soft drink and she had a couple of glasses of champagne after I came back. Oh, it was just a roll with ham and salad. I got home just after quarter past. Yes, I did, probably only the last 500 metres started raining. Oh, it was just drips for probably a few kilometres, I thought oh this is nice, so I worked out quite a sweat but then it just got a bit too heavy. Yeah, I did. Yes, I did. Oh, I just heated it up in the microwave and cooked the veggies in the oven and baked them there. Ah, Frasier, box set, couple of peppers. Yeah. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.