 Okay, yesterday was very amusing because I sat bolt up right in bed and thought, oh god, I don't know what day it is, am I due at Pilates? But I wasn't, that was yesterday, that was the day before. So that was alright, I thought, well I'm up now, I guess I'll get up. I went and had a shower and got dressed and then I had breakfast, which was a bit simpler because there's nothing in my fridge because I've been away for the weekend. Bit sad, half a banana and that's it, I think. And, but I got online and I checked my emails and I did some brain training, what I do, try to do every day, but that made me vaguely late. So I caught the 8.32 train and got to work. No, um, Wednesday, oh. So I just spent some time just catching up on things I didn't get to yesterday before and then I had to walk into the city for a meeting, all the way up to William Street. Um, I was there for half an hour or so and then I wandered back through the city to office work, a ream of paper, and then I walked back to work and I got back to work at 11.30. Um, then I spent some time working on a project that needs my attention. Um, so that's pretty much, that's moving photographs into different folders. So I did that up until lunch. Um, I had lunch with me, so I made that up, which was salad and meat. Uh, and then I went back to the project and kept working on that. That basically took me up to the time then I had to leave at three o'clock for another meeting. All the way back up to William Street. Um, that meeting ran until, um, five o'clock and then I walked back to the train and, um, caught the train home and got there at 5.30. I then had to make, I don't know, I seemed to quite like office work yesterday. I then had to drive to office works in order to print a newsletter out for a committee that I belong to. Um, right at the time that that big storm hit last night, buckets of rain, buckets of it. Well, that's all right. It's one place, good place to be stuck is office works when there's a storm on. While I'm waiting for them to print, I was purchasing some items. That's the use for a job I have on the weekend. Um, I left office works at, um, ten to eight. Got home at eight o'clock. Um, had a very late, um, dinner and then sat for an hour or so to watch a program I'd recorded. Um, the week before, Mr and Mrs Murder, I remember quickly. And I went to bed at nine through. Just as well, you just run out of page. On a Tuesday morning, just the one. Oh, yeah, I have that time when I'm tired or I'm busy or stressed or something. I wake up and I think, where am I? Yeah, that was one of those days, yes. We sit bowled up right in bed. It was five to six and Pilates starts at six. Definitely would have been late. No, the alarm goes off at five to six every morning. Um, whether I get out at five to six, I didn't this morning. Um, but that's when the alarm goes off. I try not to listen to the news pressing. So, I set it for five to the hour, so I'm not waking up to that, all that horrible news. Yeah, it's a classical channel. I had a brass band on this morning. Band on at five to six in the morning? Goodness, anyway. So, that's Lumosity.com, which I started about three weeks ago. And they have all these really frustrating, um, things to do. You have to, they do things for peripheral vision, so you have to watch for the number and go and see where the bird is, and then click on the bird and remember the number or remember the letter, depending on what it is. You have to work... What did I have today? Oh, I had to get a nut to a... a seed to a hole with all these bugs in the way. You have to move in a number of set moves, um, which I wasn't very good at yesterday. Um, there's other matching of patterns with speed. Um, luckily, they didn't give me the most frustrating game yesterday, I don't think I could have, which is a penguin in a maze, eating fish, but they turn the maze around. So, you have to remember what keys you're on and up and down is different and... Yeah, that one's... that one's tricky. I think my memory... my memory's good, um, cos they tell you after every one how you've improved, and my memory is very good, um, but my flexibility and my problem-solving are a little... little slack, so... You do get better. The penguin one's taking a lot of time, because as you go up levels, the maze turns all the time. So, just when you've figured out you're upside down or you're pointing that way and so that's up and that's... it goes again. And so the higher you get, it's just doing this all the time and I'm like, oh, I can't do... That's way too... My heart rate goes up, but I'm much... So, up and down now I can do without thinking about it. So, if it's upside down, I'm cool with that. But it's the left and the right. Your brain's just not switched on that way. So, I'm definitely improving, but it's a bit slower with that system. Well, when you first load up that program or you join it, so, say you wanted to join it, they ask you all these questions. So, do you want to improve your memory? Are you really bad at reading maps? You know, all those sort of questions, and you tick the ones that are applicable. And then they've got, I don't know, they must have about 100 different games, and they, um... Some of them are memory flexibility. Memory flexibility, problem-solving, speed. They're all different. And it gives you a set to do every day. So... And you can just... I just run them in order normally, but, like, I leave the penguin one until last now. I just pick and choose out of those five and leave that one until last. But, yeah. And then you can go in and change your priorities. So, if something's really lacking, you can just tick off problem-solving, and all of your games will be problem-solving. So, you can be frustrated every day for 15 minutes. And it tells you how you're improving on those. No, not overly busy. Did I get a seat? I think I got a seat yesterday. I don't often sit down on the train. I think you sit down at work so much. You one should stand up on the train, but I think I sat down yesterday. So, it was not too bad. I sit in the front carriage, which is not normally crowded, because I know where all the stairs are on the train station. Which carriage gets fullest the most? Quickest, not the front. The first meeting was 10.30, and I was a little bit late. I got there till 10.40, which is just as well because one of the members of the meeting didn't turn up, and that's because we forgot to tell him we'd changed the day. So... So, that was a quicker meeting than I first anticipated. Um... Sorry, I left. It's 15 minutes. Oh, that's what it turned into, yeah. I just did a couple of things and got organised and then did the return. Just the paper that time? Yes. Yep. So, when I print out that newsletter for the committee I belong to, I do the middle print myself. The other print... I was out of paper. Stuff for lunch at 20 past 12. Digital files. So, I'm working on the 150th publication that's got to be ready before I go overseas in September. And we're on the five-month countdown. And basically, I'm picking pictures for the chapters, so it requires me to look at our photos, which are thousands, and make a decision about what sort of photo would apply to the theme. So, women, operational policing, and community liaison. So, I'm making those definitions between the different pictures. Yeah, chapter five. Chapter four, sorry. Chapter four. Yeah, I was doing that yesterday. So, I'm trying to get a bit quicker. I get disturbed all the time in my office. So, when I get a chance... I was on a bit of a roll yesterday. There's 10 of them that need photos. And it's a bit of a trick to... So, it's about 150 years. I've only got space for 32 photographs. So, you've got to encompass the theme of 150 years in 35 photos. Most of those photos have to tell more than one story, because you can't... So, it's a bit of a... It's interesting. And it's funny, I'm getting better at making a definition on what photo would probably work. But we don't have a designer yet, so I can't really finish it off until we get a designer and we start placing in the book and see how... No, it's interesting. Yeah, the trick is to have more to choose from, but we really will only... Some chapters won't even have 32 pictures. I reckon 28, maybe, per chapter, thereabouts. So, I'm finding between... You know, up 40 pictures, just in case. You know, we need more landscapes than portraits, so it's just going to be a square publication. See how we go. Now, I went home. I got changed. I printed out a list of other things I needed to purchase from Officeworks. And I got over there probably about a quarter past in the end. Yeah, 165. So, I go to Officeworks and they do a double-sided A3 that's got pages one and two and five and six, which they find rather difficult to get their heads around, because I've printed the middle page. And then they... Well, last night they didn't fold it because the folding machine broke. They normally fold it for us. Well, I don't. Thank goodness. That's somebody else's job, can I say, because I've done that before and, oh, no, it's not fun. Not fun at all. I think it... I don't quite forget how it works, but I think it sucks the page in. You put it this way, but it sucks it round and does that to it and then spits it out. But they couldn't get it to do it straight. All the newsletters would have been slightly skew. Never mind. Um, I have my usual dinner of yoghurt and bran with a banana and a plum and a nectarine with honey and cinnamon, pretty much. Dinner for breakfast and breakfast for dinner, pretty much. It works a bit better that way. And what do you need dinner for? You just sit around. It just goes to your hip. My parents have just started cooking for lunch and having lunch for dinner. And they're doing... losing weight and doing quite well on that. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.