 Well yesterday I got out of bed at 6 o'clock thinking gosh I'm had a busy weekend I don't know what day it is. And I got up and I put my breakfast on to defrost while I had a shower and got dressed. I think I had to iron something. I don't normally iron. I think there was an iron requirement. I ironed something and then I put those clothes in the bathroom and then I had a shower. I got dressed and got ready. Went in the kitchen and I don't have any eggs. I normally have eggs with my vegetables so it's just vegetables and I had a couple of crumpets. Gotta love a crumpet. I had a couple of crumpets. Put them in the toaster and cooked them up. I like them crunchy. There should be a whole lot of crunch with a crumpet. And they were ready. Then I had breakfast while I watched the television. What was I watching? Something I'd taped on the weekend. Too many things were being recorded. I can't remember what it was. So I watched, I didn't watch all of that. I watched most of that. And I left the house just before 8 o'clock. I think I caught 8.09 train which took about 20 minutes to get in. I got a seat because nobody wanted to sit next to a very large man. But I thought, damn it, I'm going to sit down. And I do what I usually do, is check the Twitter feed and the Facebook page. I got to work at about 8.35ish or thereabout. Got myself organised. There's all these little things I need to get a hold of. All these enquiries I haven't done. So I was getting organised. I have a meeting on Wednesday with my boss. So I needed a few quotes. So I've been getting those quotes in and just getting that paperwork together and making a list so that I remember to talk to him about things. I'm notorious for having a meeting and ten minutes later remembering something I should have asked. Then I had some photographs on my desk that I needed to catalogue. So I didn't get very far along that. It takes longer than you think. And a telephone rang or something happened. Somebody came in. Then I was just dealing with the emails because I have a job going, an expression of interest. So people are emailing me asking me what the job's about and if they can apply and if police officers can be AO3s, which gets some weird questions. So I was just flicking position descriptions back to them and telling them about the job. Lunch seemed to come up in a hurry. Oh, that's right. I went to morning tea. That's right. I went to morning tea. I made a morning tea with a friend of mine up at Barra. Had a very nice macaron and one of those great hot chocolates that the French do in the bowl. You know, you get a bowl. I did a bit of shopping up at Coles. I bought lunch. I bought salad and some roast beef. Then got back to work about 11.15 and dealt with those emails. Then had lunch of salad and roast beef fairly early for some reason. I was hungry. And what do I do in the afternoon? It's all a blur. I think the phone rang several times. People were ringing up asking me questions about the museum, the opening times and just different things. Just generally speaking, I may or may not have done some work on the 150th book, the publication. I was thinking about all those folder moving and everything. I don't know. There was so much on yesterday. I can't really keep it straight. I left at 4.15. I was going to the movies up at the Barra. I went up to see Olympus Has Fallen, which really is not worth your $12, so I wouldn't bother. But Gerard Butler is very good looking, so that's an upside. That movie went for 119 minutes. I got out at 40 or thereabouts and wandered back to the train. I didn't have to wait very long for a train. Got home at 7 o'clock, made some dinner, watched a bit of A Place to Call Home, which is a new show on Channel 7. In between, I had the computer on and I've got a contract job that I have to quote for, so I was reorganizing the quote and doing a bit of paperwork. Finished watching the program and went to bed at 9.30. I'm tired just thinking about that. You mentioned you had to defrost your breakfast. What were you defrosting? Well, once every 10 days, I make a vegetable and legume kind of mix in the slow cooker. That lasts me 10 days, so I portion that out. I get one out every morning defrosted. I normally have that with scrambled eggs or fried egg or something like that with a piece of toast. I just forgot to buy eggs. So you put that on crumpets, do you? I eat them separately. Well, you know, kind of in consort. I don't like soggy crumpets. So that's a bite of that and a bite of that. And you watch a bit of TV in the morning, but you don't remember? What did I watch? Maybe I just watched the morning show on Channel 9. Is that today? I can't remember getting my mornings confused. I record all those things on a Sunday night, but I think I sat there and watched them all. Oh, I know what I watched. I watched Miranda. I taped Doctor Who on Sunday night and I taped Call the Midwife, but I watched them, but Miranda was on after that. So I recorded. That's what I'll try and remember now, because I laughed a lot. It's very funny. So you like to sit? Yeah, it depends on how much time I've got. Generally, if I'm running short of time, I don't sit. I just stand in the kitchen, eat my breakfast and watch the television. In fact, if I'm running late, I shouldn't be watching the television at all. I should just eat and go. That's the way that works. If I sit down, I used to get stuck then. I look up and it's nine o'clock and I'm late. It's mesmerizing. So you caught the 809 train yesterday, so that got you into work. So you mentioned there's a job offer. Were you getting phone calls? Had two phone calls about the job. There was a police officer asking whether he could do an AO3 job and I'm thinking, hmm, sure about that. Well, he didn't know anything. Anyway, and someone else asking just about the sort of person that we would want for the job, because it's a museum assistant, but it's AO3. It shouldn't really be a PO position, and so we're not likely to get anybody with museum skills, but yeah, we're looking, I guess, at a subset. I want someone who can do education programs and is okay with social media, because those two things are very heavy at the moment on our workload. Yeah, but there was a number of emails, people just asking questions about, you know, is it a standard AO3 job and what are the hours and is there any overtime or penalty rates and that sort of thing. You never can tell what questions you're going to get when you put a job out there. It's fine to get some odd things. So will you go through the applications? Yeah, it's not up until the middle of May, so it'll be myself and it should be somebody else on that committee, actually, but we haven't decided who. And then you also, you were going through quite, you were looking at... So to do with the, oh actually no, it's just the end of financial year. We have a bit of money left in our budget and the executive director asked me to just see what I, they don't often ask you what you like to spend money on. So we have a new storage area coming online, so we need some boxes to put the objects in to move them over to that storage area. So I was getting a quote on that. The museum's 120 in November, so I was thinking now I could buy some, get some promotional, get some bookmarks with the 150th logo and an ad for our new website. So I'm working on a website as well as a mission as well. And so I got a, I'm actually still waiting on that quote. Oh, we need some white tape, you know, red tape that you tie files up with. It's not good for museum, it runs, so you buy white tape to tie things. It's very handy stuff, so I got a quote for some white tape. Yeah, all sorts of things we need for the collection. So you went to the barracks for morning? Yeah. How long? Half an hour. And was that a work meeting? That's with a friend of mine, he works up at the Victoria Barracks and we get together every couple of weeks to have a chat, it's kind of a museum-y chat and a catch up. I had a very nice macaron actually while I was there. It had pistachio filling and, oh gosh, what was the, I can't think of the, oh I thought I was going to get a pistachio one, the whole thing was going to be pistachio. I want to say Heather, but not Heather, I can't think of the name. It'll come to me later. Anyway, it was purple with pistachio in the middle. Yeah, they're French, that's that French twist. And if you like the French accent, all of the workers there are French, so they speak with their French accent and all very good looking, so it's worth a sit down. Go check it out. So you had lunch not long after your morning chat? No, I was about, I got back about 11.30 and I think about 12.30 I guess, I got lunch ready. And you finished work at 8? Yes. How long did you head straight to the barracks? Yeah, it's a 10 minute walk. Did you have to? The movie was at 4.40, so I had 10 minutes wait. I like a Monday night, there's never anybody there, so there was six of us in the summer. And Olympus Ballroom movie? It was. I haven't heard of this. It's a new, I think it came out last Thursday, it's got Gerard Butler, do you know Gerard Butler? I mean he's pretty good looking, he didn't take his shirt off though, which is very disappointing. It's about the North Koreans attacking the White House, and oh my goodness me, they kill a lot of people. I swear there's at least five extras who caught it in the first hour. Killed pretty much everyone in the White House, bar the President and the Secretary of State, everyone else I think got done. And Gerard Butler, he was alright, but no heart in it. Like unlike Die Hard, I don't know if you like Die Hard, it's funny, it's serious but it's funny, and you kind of feel. There was no heart, no character development really. They kind of rushed the whole bit to wham bam, thank you ma'am. And how often do you do these? Every Monday, occasionally do two in a row, but I never do them in a row. Do you go with friends? No, normally on my own, occasionally someone will want to come with me, but yeah. I don't do a lot for myself, at the moment I'm pretty busy so it's a way to just go and do something for me. Do you plan what you see or you decide? It's usually about what's on and what time it's on. So yesterday was 4.40, I don't mind a 4.40, or like 6 o'clock, so I'll work till 5.30 or 5.45 and go out for 6, yeah. So sometimes I look and there's A, nothing I want to see, or it's not on at the right time. So there's one, The Company, you keep Robert Redford's new movie. It's getting later and soon it'll go earlier, because when it goes, they change movies around, they go to these times that you can never make, so normally that's why I squeeze two in, so I can get the scene before they disappear. And you went to bed about 9? I'm going to ask you a series of questions and I'd like to know what you think. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Okay, well done. Thanks so much for your time again. Thanks so much for your time again.