 Yesterday was Wednesday, no yesterday was Tuesday. Okay, I can't remember what day it is. I got up at, no I didn't, I got up at 5.30 and I got ready to go to my Pilates class at six o'clock, which runs for an hour. Then I drove home, had a shower, had my breakfast, and I think I managed to catch the 8.30 train and got into work at nine o'clock. On a Tuesday I have a volunteer in, so she takes up a bit of my time. So I was helping her with her project. Otherwise, we got a big donation in and I was organizing the photographs I took of that donation and just assigning them to their appropriate place, which took most of the morning. I had to post something on Facebook, so I spent 10 minutes doing that. I had lunch, I think, about 12.30 and then I worked on a few different projects that had been sitting on my desk for a while. Took several phone calls, made several emails, and then I left at four o'clock to go to an appointment. Did you want more detail on that? Oh, okay, goodness. I left at four and I got home at 4.30, just in time for my pedicure appointment. I have lovely pink toes now. Then I did a little bit of shopping on my way through the shopping center and came home to basically frustrate myself endlessly trying to book a flight to Rome, which you'd think would be easy, but not necessarily. Made several phone calls as well in between banging my head against the computer screen. And then had a very late meal and watched a little bit of television and went to bed at 9.30. Yes, actually it went off at 5.15, but I didn't get up until five. Yes, it's two kilometers, so it's a five minute drive. It is an hour. No, it's good, that class, it's a, you do a round of exercises and because our current instructor is in Europe somewhere, we had another guy instructing and so we had lots of different exercises and we do it on machines and we do it on the floor. So it's a round of, you know, people you move around and do. Yeah, pretty good instructor. I don't know that I've ever done that many Pilates exercises in an hour before. So it was very good. Once a week, yes I did. One piece of toast, just butter. I do, the train station is only a two minute walk away. So if I leave at 8.30, I'm over there with the lights at 8.35 to catch whatever train is coming. Since they come every six minutes, you don't really need to panic. It wasn't too bad, no, because it's school holidays. So it's much quieter, I guess. Did I sit down? I think I sat down for a change, it's good. I haven't got a book at the moment, so no, I was, I think I checked the Twitter feed and the Facebook on my phone and otherwise just stared into space for 20 minutes. Because I get the work tweets, I just keep abreast of what's going on across Queensland as far as, you know, road crashes and, you know, other things that are happening. And I remember, I think there was another road closed somewhere because of a multiple vehicle crash. It seemed to stand out. I thought, oh, another road is closed. Yeah, well, I don't normally get much time doing the data to really double check. I'm up on Facebook for work, but yeah, I just do a bit of a check in the morning to see where things are at. And then that volunteer comes in once a week and she's working on the exhibition program. So I like the moment she's working on doing an audio tour of the museum for us. So she's reading up all these different oral histories and getting information from them. Well, not yesterday. Most, sometimes I probably would be spending a couple of hours just seeing where she's at and helping her out. But no, she's pretty self-help and she was mostly just reading information yesterday. So no, she didn't take up too much. Not that big, I guess. Well, it was a large donation of small things. We get the odd thing comes through the door, but this is a particular collection that the owners finally decided to give us. Involved, I think there's 29 boxes, little segmented boxes full of bits and pieces that I was keen just to make sure we labelled and photographed so that we could recognize them later because we don't have time to catalog everything right now. So we don't get big things in. We don't have anywhere to put it. But yeah, objects come through the door on the odd occasion and photographs come through more often. We get uniforms and things that police might have used across time. We get evidence in from particular or interesting crimes. We get all sorts of things. In the main, we get lots of historical photographs through people's family members or police officers or police stations or events in the city or sort of thing. Yeah, we get lots of interesting things come through the door. Yeah, pretty old. It has to do with a native man of police who were out there in Queensland between 1864 to 1913-ish. So bits and pieces that someone had collected from the derelict native man of police camps. So you get bullets and pipe ends and bits of ceramic, bits of firearms, badges, buckle bits, bandolier bits, all sorts of different things. Yeah, so it's about 14 different native man of police. Yeah, occasionally we get some really interesting things through the door. So because we're of the section that I'm in, we post on a Tuesday a historical piece with some photos and that gets posted on our blog. And then I just have to do the link to Facebook so that that clientele also gets to see it because they don't all subscribe to the blog. So I'm just kind of spreading the news, I guess. Yeah. Yeah, so, and they've got half a million people who follow them. So that broadens our clientele out, I guess. And love all the history. What was yesterday? Yesterday was about the Queen visiting in 1954. What did I have? Oh, I had a, that's right, I had a pork sandwich. I think it was $5.50 from downstairs. Yes, it's gonna say upstairs, but we're upstairs, aren't we? No, I get it and I take it back to the office. Yeah, it's nice to walk upstairs and get out of the office, but I don't often stay up. Four o'clock. While I live beside the shopping centre where the pedicure place is, so I got off the train, I went home and I dumped my bits and pieces and I changed. And then I went across the pedicure, which is just across the road. And then I came through the shopping centre back home again, half an hour. I bought some Maltesers. That's not really shopping, is it? I did go into Bilo and I was gonna buy some. I think I ended up with Maltesers and that was it. Oh, too many options, I think is the problem. Too many options. Now we wanted to fly a particular airline and that's just now too expensive and it doesn't match up with the places we're going. You know, the joining, the joining thing's a bit difficult. So I kind of had to throw all that out and start again and pick an airline I've never travelled on. I haven't booked anything yet, but pick an airline I've never travelled on and you know, have another think about it. Yeah, oh, September. But we thought we'd get, we get a bit nervous about the flights disappearing. So we thought we'd get that major flight booked fairly early and then worry about the little ones later. We will be away for not quite, oh, 26 days I think it is. I watched the end of Doctor Who that I'd tape, recorded. I watched a bit of The Voice and I was flicking channels. I'm terrible if you ask me what I'm watching. I think I saw a bit of The Biggest Loser and what else was on that I flicked past? Oh, I think that NCIS was on. I saw a bit of that as well. You couldn't really say I watched anything for any length of time. I was just flicking channels and killing. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, comment no comment.