 Um, yesterday I had a pretty good sleep actually. I think I woke up at later than usual, about five o'clock. Got up, turned the computer on, had a look at some trading I was doing. Um, I had a cup of tea, then I played computer games for about 45 minutes, Diablo 3, and then I had a shave, shower, got ready for work. Actually that's right, I was feeling a bit crook. I woke up and I, um, had a bit of a, like a fuzzy head. I slept with the window shut in the bedroom, so I think I didn't get enough air. So I was, you know, but that turned out to be all right. So I got to work, drove to work, um, I think I got some petrol on the way and had a, luckily I had a eight cent off voucher thing, so saved myself three dollars. I don't usually worry about it, but I thought I would because I put, um, premium in my car. So it's pretty expensive, like a hundred and, uh, dollar seventy a litre or something. So eight cents is eight cents when it's that much. I got to work and we were working on, um, just stuff for the course. Like I was redoing biographies for the presenters because they need to usually need to be updated if they've moved where they work or they got promoted and so forth. We have to also do rationales and learning objectives for the sessions. I'm doing those up for people and sending them out. Um, and, uh, what else happened at work yesterday? Nothing much. Didn't do any exercise, very slack. Um, just had the usual lunch and that, just a ham and salad sandwich. Um, finished up at three-ish, drove home, I rang, um, Ellie up on the phone, had a chat with her. Um, that's my partner. Um, then for dinner I had, um, some curry and rice that I'd made up previous night, which wasn't too bad, though the sauce is a little bit watery. Um, sat down, watched Masterchef, slicking between Masterchef and The Voice, and then watched an episode of Vikings, which is a good series I watch. Played a bit more computer games and went to bed about, was it a bit early last night? I was about nine-ish I think. I did a load of washing when I came home and took in the other washing, so that's about it. Not very exciting, that's great. Um, yeah, yeah, I do usually. Uh, Forex, so currency. Uh, well I had a trade running from the previous day, I was down about, uh, $400. I had two trades on, so I was about $400 down, but the price had come back my way during the night, so that was all right. Like a role-playing game, um, uh, it's a leveling up game, you know, like you level up, um, you got a character, you got a barbarian or a, um, they call them demon hunters, which is like someone with a bow and, or a wizard or whatever, go through dungeons and so forth. Oh, I've got one of each, but, um, I think I had, I was playing, you can play hardcore mode, which is that if you die once that your character's gone, and I had a barbarian that was level 50, no 49, and it died, so that was that. Very disappointing. Uh, actually, yeah, that was yesterday. That was last night, yeah, got trapped, got frozen, couldn't get my potion out. Very disappointing. 30 hours of work. Yeah, and then I was, then I was thinking, oh, what am I bothered doing this for, because I'm, they're all going to die sooner or later at some point. So I've got other ones that aren't, that don't die, when you die you can revive them, so I was playing one of those, but then I thought, oh, that's soft, get back onto the hardcore stuff. I think it's just like perpetual disappointment in hardcore. Um, yeah, I would have been playing yeah, hardcore in the morning. Yeah, I had wheat bix, six wheat bix with milk and, um, natural yogurt, because I'm on a no fructose diet at the moment. Read that book about the sweet poison sugar plant or whatever. So I'm doing that, and that, it doesn't really change my diet that much anyway. Um, though I used to love eating licorice and that, but can't eat any of that. Oh, two lots of three, two lots of three, yeah. Uh, well I start at seven, so I usually leave, um, just before 6 30. Takes about, in the morning, about 25 minutes. No, it's got this annoying thing that comes on when you get down to about a quarter of a tank. Beeps every time you start the car, so it wears you down eventually. There's about 50 litres worth of petrol. Uh, well the course starts on the 29th of April, so I think we've got like two and a bit weeks before it starts. So that's just like the course manual, so what you give the participants, and it's got all the sessions in there with what they're about and so forth. But we're making some leaps because some of the sessions are new or changed, and the presenters, because they're all, most of them are fairly high-ranking police, they're quite busy, so sometimes they don't get back to you, so you just do it up on their behalf. And then when they turn up, what they're actually presenting is a bit different, but that's life. You got to get the manual together? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So we've got the, we've got the timetable pretty much set, and this course is a lot simpler than the ones we usually do. We usually have international students or other agencies and so forth, and you've got to worry about accommodation and airport pickups and so forth. This one isn't like that, it's just a basic course, just QPS people, so it's free. Logistically wise, it's a lot easier. Uh, midday. No, we've got a meal, sort of a meal room, because we're in like an old police house, so it's got like a kitchen-y area. No, not for lunch. For morning tea and that, I just have fruit and that, whatever. No, I didn't go yesterday. I was like, uh, I'm trying to get back in there, I've been a bit slack since I've come back, because I had a bad back for a while, so. But I went and did half an hour on the bike on Monday, um, and I was going to go today. I'll see how I go for time-wise. That should be right. Time, yeah. Yep, yep, seven to three. Uh, no, straight home. Yeah, I did the, uh, darks yesterday. Just reheated it, yeah. I cooked it the previous night. Uh, no, it was a, I usually get, um, either gravy steak or, um, blade steak for my curries. That was gravy, so that's beef, beef curry, beef vindaloo. Mm-hmm. I had brought back from Perth on the weekend, uh, my partner's mum from her doctor, who's Indian, because that she, you know, my partner's half Indian, gave me this big tub of lemon chutney, really hot lemon chutney, so I chucked a bit of that in there. Some, um, chilli flakes and something else, so it wasn't too bad. Super hot, but pretty hot. Mm-hmm. I've not mastered chef, but I could, yes. Yeah, it's a series that's been developed for, I think, Canada, in Canada for the History Channel, but it's actually more like just a normal drama series. It's about a Viking's, um, uh, this guy Ragnar, he's the main character. They've been raiding to the east, but he wanted to raid to the west, which was, turned out to be the British Isles, because he thought there was more loot over there, so he snuck off without the, um, chief's permission and did it, and was successful, but the chief is, um, oh, I can't remember his name now, but he's quite a famous actor. He always plays a good baddie, so they were having a bit of a set-to in that. Last night, they, Ragnar challenged the chief to personal combat and killed him, so now Ragnar's the chief, so, um, but it's quite well done, if you like a bit of violence and, you know, swordplay and that sort of stuff. That's the sixth series one. I don't know, yeah, not sure. Uh, nine-ish, I think, about, yeah, it was earlier last night, because I was a bit tired, but I had a good sleep though. Okay. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.