 Um, what did I do yesterday? Let's see, yesterday was Monday wasn't it? So I think I had a pretty good sleep. I woke up about five-ish, turned the computer on, played computer games for about half an hour, played Diablo 3, and then I had a shower and a shave, ironed my shirt, had some breakfast, which was wheat bix with yogurt and some crumpet, two crumpets, cup of tea, watched a little bit of the Today Show just to see the news, and drove to work about twenty past six. It wasn't raining, but it had been raining, so it wasn't too bad a trip in. I don't think I almost got hit by anybody, which is usually what happens. Um, and at work yesterday we just finished a course on last Friday, so we had a debrief about the course, the residential course, what we can do better, and so forth. One went well. Um, I had to do some work in relation to the distance education side of it, which is what I'm sort of in charge of, so I modified an assignment tip's email and, um, spoke to a couple of students and so forth. Um, got some groceries for the week, so, um, had a fee, had lunch, uh, what did I have? Silverside tomato and cheese sandwiches. Um, had to go early because I had to go to the dentist, two-thirty, um, so yeah, I had to get a crown put on. So the dentist was like, he kept, he supposedly already sized it and then he put it on there and he said, oh, it's too tight to the other one. So he kept taking it off and grinding a bit off and then putting it back on. No, it's still not good enough. He did it about five times, which is probably why I hate going to the dentist. And he didn't use any anesthetic. He said, oh, we don't need anesthetic for this, but it was still a bit tender every time I pushed it down on there. And then he said, oh, and he said, that's done. I now just got to do a scale and clean, and I hate that. Just so you can feel it vibrating through your bones. But, um, yeah, that was there. So I went home, which was good though, so I hadn't had an injection, so you don't get all the sort of drool going and things like that. And, um, uh, rang up my partner, she's from Australia. She's coming over on Friday. So that's exciting for a month. Um, cooked up a bit of steak and some steamed veggies and a jacket potato. Uh, then watch some TV and I went to bed up at 9.15, I think. So pretty early. That's about it. Yes. Yeah. Well, you have different difficulty levels. I've gone through the whole game on the easiest level. Then there's three more levels. No, the, uh, nightmare, I think it's called level. Then you have hell level after that. And I'm not sure what the highest one is. My characters keep getting killed because I play hardcore characters and you only can have one death and then your character's gone. So I might have to change that. Go back to the normal way of playing. Yes. Yeah. It's a lot harder. You take a lot more damage. Um, no, not yesterday, but the day before I just do one. Yep. Um, actually I might've ironed that shirt previous night, come to think of it, because I was going to go running in the morning. Uh, no, I did iron one in the morning and one the night beforehand for some reason, but yeah, I don't remember. No, it has been raining, but I don't think it was raining on the way. Hmm. Yep. No one, no one tried to smash into me. Unlike when I was going to Redcliffe on Sunday, someone almost ran out the back of me. Yeah. I was driving along the gateway and doing a hundred and then all of a sudden traffic stopped. And there's a guy behind me in a Commodore with a trailer on the back. I can see him looking, looking there. You see him coming and he's coming and then he starts swerving off. He's not gonna stop in time for the right, but he stopped in time. Pin it again. Hmm. Yep. Uh, yeah, we had to, we had a new assessment item in there, a new part of the assessment item, which is they do a presentation on a strategic issue and we added a written component to that. But it was a bit of confusion as to, we really just wanted to have a written, uh, a format where you could have it, the content written, but we weren't being that strict on it. But the visiting fellow was being really strict on what was required in it and so forth. So there was a bit of confusion there. So we'll change that, make it a bit, um, so there's not the confusion for the students because a few of them were a bit confused. Both, but that day they were, they were students that had just done it or had been previous courses that were still doing the distance ed. Because you get about 18 months to complete your assignments. Two weeks. Yep. Well, for the course, well, we used to have Chinese police and people from the Maldives, people from the UAE and we've had a couple of American police and, and Australian and New Zealand in the past. Well, if they're international police, they don't have to do the assignments. That's only really for QPS. Mm-hmm. Yep. I've got a meal room. We're sort of in an old house, so it's got actually got like a kitchen. Yep. Two o'clock. It's pretty good. About half an hour. They're the same two characters. I've only got one character that can die at the moment and that's just about level 30. I'm trying to get to level 60, but it's finding it hard. I rotate them through, but yeah. You've got a barbarian, which is like your warrior. And you've got a wizard-like thing, an archer, which is called a demon hunter, a monk, and then a witch doctor, which is the one I'm current. That's the only hardcore one I've got. Yeah. They reckon they're easiest to get to level 60. Mm-hmm. Well, I watched a Game of Thrones episode and that was about it. I think I don't do too much TV. Usually just stuff I've got on the computer. Episode seven, I think it was. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.