 Yesterday night, or last night or the night before that would be, I slept alright because I've been having some issues with waking up a bit. I think I got up for an hour or so about two o'clock. I was on the computer and then I wake up about my usual time which is about 4.30 or 5 o'clock. Um, I was on the computer again for a while then just got ready for work. Um, I think I watched the end of a series. Loving watching, justified, quite good. Um, and then I just got ready for work so had a shave and a shower and so forth. Had some bricky at home, wheat bix with natural yoghurt, a couple of cups of tea. Um, and then headed off to work the usual way down Old Cleveland Road. Um, which takes about 20 minutes in the morning. Got to work about um, a quarter to seven and I had a couple of assignments to mark so I finished those off and was helping Karen with preparing some of the residential program that we run just in relation to some paperwork. Um, nothing too exciting happened at work yesterday I don't think. Um, no. And so I went home after eight hours. That's a pretty boring day isn't it? Um, yeah went home and cooked dinner which was uh, steak and steamed veggies and a jacket potato. Rang up my partner who's in Perth and chatted to her for a while and um, watched some more TV. Was on the computer for a while. Um, cleaned up the place a bit because I'm going over to Perth tonight for a couple of weeks and um, that's about the day I think. That wasn't very exciting was it? Yeah for about an hour. I tend to wake up and um, rather than just lie there and try and go back to sleep I get up for an hour or so and I find I can go back, go back to sleep easier. Doesn't happen every night. It might be to do with the humidity at the moment. No, I always wake up just by myself. I can actually almost pretty much time myself to wake up usually. So, but I generally wake up between four and five every morning but I go to bed pretty early, nine o'clock. Yeah, well I don't start till seven. I'd always be awake before then because the light wakes me up anyway. Yeah, yeah, a couple of them. Um, I think I watched one. I had half of one to finish off and then I had another one but I didn't watch them both in the morning, just the finish of the first one. No, still going. That's season three so it's only episodes two and three. Um, yeah, I would have. Yeah. Yep. Uh, I usually leave about quarter past six for a seven o'clock start. I had two to go and that's the finish of them for the moment anyway. Yep, the same question. Three o'clock. Yep, twelve o'clock every day. The day. I always, um, get groceries on the Monday and make my own up. That's usually, this week it was ham, cheese and tomato sandwiches pretty much every day. I'm very boring. I, once I like something, I just eat it for lunch for like a month. I change it once, once it was soup for about a year or two years and then I used to have tuna on toast for, oh, I don't know how many years but, uh, well, uh, sandwiches has been going since I was over in Perth for a year on long service leave since I've come back pretty much because I find them easy to make. Yep, I'm not straight away about five o'clock. As in well done or medium? Uh, well, I'm not quite sure I'm getting it right. I like it, I don't mind it medium rare but I can have it medium to well as well. It doesn't really bother me. It's sort of mediumish I think. Trouble is it gets a bit black on the outside but not too badly but I always worry I'm over cooking it. Uh, just on a, in a saucepan on the top of the stove so. Mm-hmm. Tonight, eight o'clock flight. 11.30 their time, 1.30 our time. No, just my partner lives over there. Two weeks, so it'll be good. She, uh, she's got a house near the beach at Mandurah which is about 70km south of Perth, so her house is about 300 metres from the beach. Yeah, I think so. It's getting cooler so it has been really hot this summer but, um, she said it was still warm during the day but it's down to 18 degrees or whatever time so it's nice. Yeah. Yeah, and then last, is this yesterday, isn't it? Yesterday I watched Biggest Loser only because a couple of people at work were talking about it and I watched that and there was this huge guy on it, 254 kilos, and they were making him run, not run but walk this three kilometre track through the bush and they're in teams. I was like, oh, I'm surprised he doesn't have a heart attack. So I was a bit, I'm a bit dodgy about how it really is set up. I'm pretty sure they have lots of breaks and so forth but make a good spectacle for TV. The young fella, like he'd be in his 20s, he's just like, I was looking at, you could see it, they watched, showed his legs every now and then, he just had these big ankles but like his, the rest of his body, you're thinking how can you just take that weight on your, on your joints. Um, I think sometime between 9, 9.30. I was called early up before I went to bed so yeah, sometime around then. I tend to get a bit fairly early because I get up so early. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.