 Okay, well I got up about five o'clock, usual time, and had breakie, got dressed, let the chooks out, fed the dog. Yesterday was a little bit different because instead of going out to work at Oxley, I actually caught, I drove down to the bus station and caught the bus into the city. I was doing a course in town yesterday with the Institute of Management, so I got off the bus at about twenty past seven in Elizabeth Street and walked from there up to Central Station where I met with a colleague and from there we then walked up to Spring Hill together to go to the course. Basically we spent the day at the course, quite interesting, it was on decision making, and a fellow by the name of Paul Holland convened that course and facilitated it. The Institute of Management is actually quite nice and they run a lot of really interesting courses, so we got to go to that one because one, it was half price, and also we're in the process of organising a decision making course for our own clients, so we wanted to suss out what Institute of Management was offering people and see whether or not we could get any insights from that to help our clients. It wasn't too bad, there was some good stuff and some of it was a bit basic, probably a bit low level for our clients, but we did manage to come away with a few good video clips, examples from YouTube that we wouldn't have normally surfed and found. The food was good, very nice, they put on a nice buffet lunch and some nice stuff for morning and afternoon tea. We finished the course at about a quarter to five and walked back down to Central Station where my colleague went off to the train and I continued down to Elizabeth Street to get on the bus to go back. I was just lucky the express bus was running a bit late so I was able to get on the express bus and get home just that little bit quicker. So I went back down to the Hyperdome at Logan and then into the car and drove home from there. Yes, my phone alarm is set for five most mornings. No. Dangerous. No, no, not normally. Just get up beforehand anyway because I've been getting up at five for a long time, so it's no big deal unless I have a really, well even if I have a late night I still wake up at five, but no, not in the habit of pressing snooze. Usually, but if for instance I don't have to get up as early for whatever reason I'll just set the alarm for later. Yes, no, well I think the alarm woke me up but I wasn't in a deep sleep. No toast. No, I had an up and go. Banana. Yep, yes, Maltese. The chooks are in a separate place and the dog's in a separate yard. She sleeps in the laundry at night and we just let her in. She comes in and goes all day but at night time I keep her in because she barks at nothing, possums or if there's anything around she barks because we're on acreage and the chooks have their own separate pen. Fourteen? Yeah, probably six months. We got a dozen red hens initially and then one of them went clucky so we ended up getting a couple of black chickens and putting them under at night and they're full size now. So pretty much, yeah. Been off the lay a bit with the rain because it rained for like three weeks solid, so yeah, they were in a bit of a mud hole. So the eggs probably dropped to only half of them laying but it's okay. It's starting to come up again. No, no, no, it's only important to have a rooster if you want them to have chickens. So that's why we bought the chicks because they weren't fertilized eggs. So you just trick them and they think they're sitting on the nest and then you just go in at night and take the eggs away and shove some chickens underneath and it's like, whoa, I've had a baby. Yeah, it was probably about 20 past six. It's about a 15 minute drive to the hyperdome and then Tommy Park and walk across to the bus station. I think I caught the bus at quarter, what two? 22, 22 seven. It just depends. Usually plan the trip to get down there but it depends on because the car park down there can be really mad. So if you just five minutes can make the difference between actually getting a park and then having to park a mile away and walk back. So many parks in the bus station. Nah, I drive. Yeah, it's usually about 45, 50 minute drive home to Oxley. No, I get travel sick. So in fact, I actually changed buses because I got on the first bus but I was at the end of the line and I ended up sitting right up the back in the back seat and after about two minutes I thought I can't do this. So when we got to the next station I got off and just waited for, because I catch the Logan bus when I got off then I got a Brisbane City Council bus because they start sort of at the eight Montplains. So I was able to get off and get on one of them. Yes. Yeah, because it just starts there. So the bus is empty. So I just sort of got off and the bus came almost straight away. Yeah, no, I'm going to sit on the back of the bus again. I need to be able to see out and not be like crowded with people. I get a bit claustrophobic. Yeah, I'd rather stand up and be up the front than sit down at the back. Well, I went by Central because I had to pick up my colleagues. So it probably took me about, gosh, it wasn't that long because I got off at King George Square. So probably five minutes to walk up to Central Station. Then the walk up to Institute of Management was probably another 10 minutes on top of that. I think the course itself started at nine, but we were there pretty early and we just sat down, had a cup of tea and did a bit of paperwork stuff. Yeah, it was okay. It wasn't a lot of it was stuff I already knew, but it's nice to have that sort of reinforced. Ten. Mainly sitting down, there was a bit of interactive stuff with like the facilitator asked a lot of questions and got us to sort of work in pairs. So I was working with this little Indian guy who was very difficult to understand because he had a really strong accent. But that's okay. It was a sort of a buffet style lunch. I had lamb chops and they had a Caesar salad, a really nice Asian prawn salad, a green salad, different types of fruit and some avocado with tomato and a big bowl of mushrooms, which I don't like. Yeah, probably saves a fair bit. Misses probably five because it doesn't go through this cultural center and through that little bit with South Bank and all that. It just goes up the freeway and stops. I think it's Burenda. So it misses a lot of city stuff and then it takes another big chunk and doesn't stop again to Garden City. So this is a fair bit. Yeah, I got back to gosh, got back to the Hyperdome. I think what time would have been. I can't remember, to be honest, because I stopped at the shops as well to pick up something for dinner. So that was probably about 10 past six when I came out of the shops. So it was five, probably quarter to six. I got back to the Hyperdome and then went to the shops and got some stuff and drove home. So I was probably home at about 25 past six. A couple of chickens, some bread rolls and pasta salad. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.