 Um, yesterday got out of bed at about quarter past five and had breakfast, got in the car, drove to work, got to work about quarter to seven, went to my desk, checked my emails, had a few meetings throughout the day. I knocked off about 45 minutes early, went to the shopping centre and went to the hairdresser and then went home, cooked dinner, checked my emails, watched a bit of telly, went to bed about eight o'clock, um, the news and a little bit of The Voice and then My Kitchen Rules, half of that. Um, yeah, I didn't watch the whole lot of it unfortunately because I was too tired but they, what are they making, goats, some sort of goat's cheese custard or something, um, for an entree and the other mob had some marron or something like a crayfish that they did with some dill oil or whatever. Mm-hmm, yeah, no, no snooze, straight up, yes, mm, yes. Um, a piece of fruit, yeah, a pear. Um, it was just pretty routine, um, onto the Logan Motorway and out to Stapleton Road and then turned off there to go to Oxley, about 45 minutes. Oh, just the usual amount. Actually thinking about it, I stopped and got petrol on the way so it probably took me a little bit longer. Oh, um, 50, 58, mm-hmm, yeah, the light was on, mm-hmm, yeah, usually put the kettle on, so the team put the, turn the lights on for everybody in the office and put the kettle on and put the computer on and go and make a coffee and then come back and check my emails. Um, usually not, sometimes travel being there, sometimes Hale to be there, but mostly just me, yeah, seven I start at. No, usually a few come in overnight, I don't, I can't remember specifically, but I think I had, um, just usually a few. Um, one of my colleagues, you know, he's a bit of a workaholic so he tends to send emails overnight and often there'll be points for consideration or things that he's sort of thought about that need doing, so I normally flag my emails. So if I can action them straight away I do, but sometimes I'll just go through and for instance if there's a lot of those, you know, generic notification ones, I'll just go through everything and flag it as I go with colour coding so then I can delete the rubbish and then go back afterwards and deal with the urgent stuff first and sort of work my way down there. Um, oh, only a couple, but most of them were, um, just informal meetings, just getting together with, you know, key staff and talking about stuff that needed doing. No, mm-hmm, ah, just two, just myself and one other person. Oh, probably 40 minutes. Um, about 12. Mm-hmm, no. Um, no, I travel into the supermarket on, um, Monday so we've got a chicken and some bread so I've been living on that for the rest of the week, just chicken sandwiches. It depends, yeah, and I'm mostly bothered by the time I come to lunch I'm usually off the coffee and onto the water. No, not really, that's why I ended up leaving a little bit early. Going to the office was quite lethargic yesterday afternoon so I had nothing more that I could work on straight away so I thought I'd take some ATA time. Um, it was about a quarter past two because I usually, I text, the boss wasn't in yesterday so I text him just to make sure it was okay. By the time I got a reply it was probably 45 minutes that I took off. Mm-hmm, ooh, probably about 35 minutes. The Logan Hyperdome. Nah, just walking, my roots. Yeah, just regrowth. Ah, a couple of hours. No, training straight out. Mm-hmm, no. No, when I first got home I checked my emails, um, chatted to my kids, just did a couple of little chores around the house, took the bins out, that sort of thing, exciting. Um, I didn't start cooking dinner until, oh, probably somewhere around 6.30. Um, just fried it in a pan, just a veggie mix, capsicum, corn and peas, and some, I chopped up some onion but I put too much soy sauce and stock powder in it and it was really salty so I ended up having to shove some potatoes in it and cook some rice as well to try and water it down a bit. Eh, um, I'm just gonna let it sit. Well, we had some and it was okay but it was still too salty so the leftovers I think I might, I'll see how it is tonight and then I might drain it off and rinse it and start again. Yes. No, I only watched it until My Kitchen Rules started. Mm, nah, not particularly. No, I didn't watch the series last time and this time I've been recording it because it's been on at the same time as My Kitchen Rules so I've been watching that. So I just sort of watched it last night because it was on while I was preparing the dinner and, but yeah, it's interesting but there's nothing on there that I'd go, wow, yeah. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. You must be getting to know every little detail of every person's mundane life.