 Yesterday I sort of woke up multiple times with my repeated alarms because it takes a bit to get me going in the morning. Got up, did the usual thing in the morning, had a quick breaky, took my vitamins, had a drink of water, picked out my clothes for the day, had a shower, had a bit of time up my sleeve so I cleaned the grill that I had left last night soaking. It's often hard to clean off the fat from the grill when it's still hot. Then I emptied the dishwasher and by that time it was time to head up to the train. So I checked that I had everything in my bag, grabbed my jacket and went out the front door, making sure I locked the front door. Left the apartment, walked up the street and jumped on the, well I didn't jump straight on the train, I went up to the train station and then waited for a few minutes and the train came and I got on the train and came to work. Got off the train at Roma Street, swiped through, came straight over to work. I was thinking about maybe getting something else to eat or a cup of coffee but hadn't left a lot of time so I thought I'd better come straight in. And then got to my desk, had my morning meeting with my manager as I do just about every day. And then came out, made a few notes and got stuck into the work for the day. Fairly normal sort of work day really. Afternoon after work? Gosh, I think from memory I just went straight home. Sometimes I do errands but I was pretty tired yesterday afternoon so I don't think I would have gone anywhere. I think I just went straight home. Had some risotto for dinner in front of the telly, did a bit of washing up and then went to bed. Yeah, yeah, busy. We've got a short week this week because of Easter. So we normally have a meeting on a Thursday afternoon, that's a regular weekly meeting for some procurement activities. This week we're thinking about cancelling it because a lot of people will be on holidays for Easter. So I did a bit of organisation for that and talked to my manager about it. It means that this week won't be quite as busy because there's just less stuff coming in because people are away. And if we have the meeting cancelled that'll mean even less work. So I've really been spending the time doing some background tasks more aligned with reporting design and, you know, terms of reference and more document-based work. Getting a few things up to speed where they need to be. Yeah, gosh, I think it would be about four. Yeah, yeah, sometimes I wake up easily but most of the time I don't wake up very easily at all. Sometimes I do sleep through it. Sometimes I wake up and it's like the third alarm and I have no memory of the first two. Whereas other times I do wake up and just kind of hit the snooze button a couple of times. So it can depend, I guess. Would have to be the seven o'clock one, I think. Yeah, that's number three. Yeah, yeah, that's right. I try and stagger it so that I've got time to... Because sometimes it's not even a case of just getting out of bed. Like it's sort of a case of feeling a bit groggy because I don't breathe properly when I sleep. So it takes me a while to actually get up and focus and, you know, feel like I can actually stand up and everything else. So, yeah, yeah. Don't eat toast. I had a banana. No, it takes too long to cool water and I don't drink dairy. I don't have milk or anything. So I generally avoid hot beverages in the morning. I just take my vitamins with a glass of water. Whatever I eat, be a banana. Yeah, that was a great, great job. Yeah, well, basically because I'd soaked it with some paper towel and detergent, it was pretty... I just wiped it off and then gave it a once over with the chucks. So that was a lot easier than actually trying to scour it the night before. Bit of a labour saver there. Ooh, normally I try and leave by about ten to eight. It only takes me five minutes to walk up there. But with pedestrian traffic and sometimes the change of lights and then if I have to put money on my GoCard when I get to the station, it can take a little while. So the last train I can get is by about seven past eight. So generally try and get there by eight o'clock at the latest. Nope, save that for today. It would have been the 8.06 yesterday. Yeah, it was crowded. I didn't get a seat, although that's express train. So it's often the case that you don't get a seat on the express train unless you get on it at Nambour or something really early in the morning. Yeah, I stood the whole way. And then basically got off and yeah, just walked down through the train station at the other end. No, I people watch. Actually, that's a lie. Sometimes I'm forced to listen to music from other people's electronic devices, which is a bit irritating sometimes. Yeah, there's an interesting assortment of people. It's generally sort of a mixture of school kids and like public servants and people that look like, I don't know, look like they're a bit confused about where they might be going, maybe off to the doctor or something. So yeah, it's always interesting to look at. One morning there was an Indian lady doing some crocheting. And she was the only person that was crocheting and just about everybody else had an iPhone or a smartphone in front of them playing with their phone or listening to music. So it's kind of interesting to see what people do when they're trying to pass the time. Most people just play with gadgets. Yeah, the train actually gets in normally at around anywhere between 15 and 18 past 8. Yeah, basically normally with the lift and everything I normally get in about 23 past. Yeah, that's right. I waited till quarter to 10 after I'd had my meeting with my boss and done a bit of work. And then I actually asked him if he wanted a coffee and he said, Oh, I'll come too. So we went over and grabbed a coffee, walked back while we were drinking it. So yeah, yesterday would have been 12 because I walked to the city with a friend for lunch and then I was back by one. I actually ate lunch at my desk before I went. But I went down to a music store because I had to pick up a CD that I'd ordered in. It was called, it's by a group called Widows Peak and it's just a self-titled debut EP. No, it's actually two years old, but it's not really released in Australia. I had to order it from overseas because I found it on the internet. I really liked it, but nobody stocked it here. So yeah, it's for some reason they're a New York band and they just didn't release in Australia. Yeah, it took them about three months. So next time I'll be buying it from the internet. 5.30? No, they come like every five or six minutes because there's so many people at peak hour. So just basically went over, waited about three minutes, got on an express train. Didn't get a seat, but got home in about maybe 11 minutes instead of, you know, 16. Yep, I actually had it in the fridge because I'd bought it previously. It was like a pre-made one. Yeah, I'd recorded Gilmore Girls on Foxtel. So I watched that and then I watched Bunheads and I watched a recorded documentary about the making of films in the 1950s. And that was about it. Yeah, sure. It was an episode where the main character is taking dance lessons with some students in a dance school. But there's another woman that she's made some kind of business deal with to set up an auditorium. So they had a business meeting with the local council to get approvals for it. And meanwhile, the ballet students are having romances with various boys and sort of, you know, a bit of fluff. Yeah, I would say probably about 11. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.