 Yesterday, I started at lunchtime. Before that I'd had a couple of days off sick, so I was a bit still under the weather yesterday morning. And so I came in at noon, started work, and then I left work at 5.30. Might have been 5.15, I can't remember. And then I went to my goddaughter's school musical. So that was quite entertaining. And after that I helped my brother with some housework, because he's not been well either. And then he dropped me home and I went to bed. Can you tell me a little bit about that? Yeah, from what I can remember, it seems a long time ago now. Basically just catching up on a lot of email that I'd been looking at since I was away. And there was a request for a memo to be raised from our director to go through the chain of command up to the deputy. So that was basically priority one, I was told. And spent a bit of time getting some evidence together for that and drafting a memo. So yeah, those were the two main things that cropped up yesterday. And what about your morning before you got up? So I would have got up probably around, I don't remember, it probably wouldn't have been much later than 10 though. Because I would have woken up in the morning and phoned and then gone back to sleep. I didn't go anywhere, I was just at home. So I imagine it would have been just showering, getting breakfast, that kind of thing. So did you watch any TV? No, I'm pretty sure I was just in bed. So when you phoned in sick, did you tell them that you were sick or had you put a knock? No, actually what I did was I texted my boss, that's right, I didn't call. I sent him a text saying, look, I'll be in at 12. And he sent me a response just saying that's okay. So then once I'd done that, I sort of went back to bed and just woke up and just got ready and then jumped on a train. And what did you have for breakfast? Good question. I think it was toast. So did you walk to the train station? Yeah. So the train around Bright? Yeah, it was Indooroopilly is a busy station at the best of times. There's a shopping centre and a school and some cafes and small businesses. But it was not dead, but it definitely wasn't like peak hour. And did you read a book or listen? I normally just put my makeup on on the train, it saves me time. So you did that again yesterday? Yeah. So you got into work at 12, was it? Got into work at 5 to 12. And because you'd been away from when I was waiting? Yep, there was about 46 emails when I got in. And about how many of them needed something to do? There were a few conversation ones, so I'd say probably 8 or 10 I flagged as I need to do something about this. And then coupled with the task that was to write the memo, I sort of came up with a bit of a list of priorities and flicked a few things to other people to action and got around it that way. And the memo that you do, did you finish it? No, so what I did was I got a draft together and it relied on some information from one of the inspectors up in ICT. So I did as much as I could without that input. And then when it came through in the afternoon, it was relatively late. I spoke to my manager about the content, we were both confused about the content. So we resolved to have a meeting with another person today that could clear it up for us. So as of today, is it all finished? Well, actually, we were supposed to have a meeting earlier today, but my boss was not there. So he's asked for it to be reconvened to about 3.30 this afternoon. No, 3 o'clock. God, I'm so sleepy. So hopefully we'll see the back of it today. So you stayed in the office till 5.30 yesterday. Did you catch a train home in the afternoon? Yes, I would have. No, I caught the bus to my goddaughter's school. So that involved changing at the cultural centre. So how long did goddaughter take? Probably about half an hour. Is it a friend's kid or a sister or brother? My friend's daughter. How old is she? She's 13. It's her first year of high school. It's our old high school, me and my friend. We went there, so it was a bit of a blast from the past for us to go back there into the school hall that we used to sit in. And what was the musical? It was Grease. And what was your goddaughter's role? She was just in the chorus, so we sort of saw her poking her face through in a few little places and gave her a big cheer at the end and everything. But it was a bit lame, actually, I have to say, as school musical go. I was expecting a little bit more. They hadn't got any props or anything. They just projected some pictures up on the back wall and it was a bit lame. But having said that, the kids had a blast and that's the most important thing. They were all having a really good time. And was it all grades involved or was it one of the grades? It was all grades, yeah. And how were the lead characters? Did they play well? They were a bit patchy. One of the boys was played by a girl, because they obviously couldn't get enough boys interested. But they did quite good jobs, given that it's hard to get up there and act in front of people for two hours. They did pretty well. And was there an intermission? Yeah, there was. Did you guys have anything to eat or drink? I had two bags of chips. That was dinner. So you didn't have anything else? I had soup before I went to bed. So all up it went for about two hours and then did your brother's housework? Yeah, he picked me up from the petrol station across the road. And what sort of housework? We did some washing up and I got him to sort his laundry. And he also needed some help with his grocery shopping, so we did that on the way home. And then I cooked him a meal that he could put in the fridge and have today. And probably tomorrow as well. And how long were you there? I would say he picked me up about 9.20am and we probably left just on 11am. So just under two hours. And then when you got home did you... Had the soup at home just before I went to bed. I had something in my tummy. And then what? Oh, be closer. I'd say about 12.20am. Yeah, I'd say. Yeah, it was so long. I wasn't expecting him to have to go to my brother's but he hasn't been well, so he really needed a hand. Yeah. Okay, so I'm going to ask you... I mean, have you done that? I'm going to ask you a series of questions and I'll get you to respond with no comment. Okay. So, did you wake up? No comment. Did you call in school? No comment. Were you into work? No comment. Had you been away for two days? No comment. No comment. Did you work through TILF? No comment. Did you go to your goddaughter's musical after? No comment. Was the music... No comment. No comment. Did you help your brother with hack in the evening? No comment. And did you go to... No comment. All done. Sorry, I confuse myself sometimes trying to ask a question that's wrong and then I get even more confused. That's okay. So did that all record? Yeah, the display stopped but it still records.