 Okay, my imagination. Well, yesterday morning we got up early and I made a fruit smoothie with lots of fruit that we had left over from the weekend. We also had a croissant with some cream cheese and salmon. Again, leftovers from family visiting on the weekend. Off to work as the routine does with my husband. He drops me off in the city. I was here in the office all day. It was one of those Mondays when it just didn't stop. And I do yoga in the afternoons here at Queensland Police Headquarters. And so I had yoga from four till five. And then after that I walk home in the afternoon. It was particularly muggy and hot yesterday. So we're fortunate to have a pool at our house. So I was able to jump in and have a swim and cool down my cool body temperature. It didn't have a long swim, but you know, it was just enough to cool down. Got out, time enough to then start the routine of getting some dinner ready. Husband came home, we watched some TV, cleaned the kitchen, I went to bed. It was a pretty uneventful Monday. Six o'clock. Oh, we normally get up about half past six or something. So it was a little bit earlier. We knew we had to get to work by a certain time and have our smoothing. No. Yes, actually, it's one of those things. No, I wasn't woken up by the alarm. I was lying in bed waiting for the alarm to go off. It's probably more the cake. Got up. Oh, we had banana and strawberries and blueberries and pear and I'm sure there was something else as well. Kiwifruit, soy milk. Just for the day on Sunday. They came from the US, so visiting from Arizona and then heading on to Adelaide. Yes, about 15 minutes, not very far. There is, yes. So normally we come in at work a little bit later because we can avoid the traffic, but at the time we wanted to be in at work, it's when everyone else wants to be in there. So yes, we caught the traffic, about 10 to eight. I was in the office by eight, got dropped off about 10 to eight. Well, yes, I had a number of tasks that had to be documents released yesterday. So I was really focused on getting them ready to distribute. There was three for document review, sorry. Two for release and one for closing and auditing. I don't normally do this. This is a task that's been handed to our team because we don't have enough people in other teams. And so we're the good corporate citizens who are taking it on. 12.30, paid $4.50. I had a half wrap from the shop down the road. Oh, ham and salad, usually. Yes, yes, it's pretty usual. It's always busy at our work. And we're no different to everyone else at the moment. It's just not many people around to do the work. Yeah, it's always busy. No, well, I finished at four yesterday because I went to yoga down here in headquarters. Oh, yes, it was a full class of about 11. I think he's the best yoga instructor in the world. Yes, about 40 minutes. Yes, that's right. I walk along the Coronation Drive, Brisbane River bike path. So it's a very nice walk. It's part of my motivation. I'm already dressed down. I can continue walking after that. I'll try and walk at least twice a week home from work. But I also do yoga on Thursday here as well. So I've already got my sort of kit with me. So I should try and do that on Thursday afternoons, but I don't always. But then if I'm more motivated, I'll do it on Wednesday. We had chicken and rice and some vegetables. It was one of those, again, using up things in the fridge. Yes, we did. We were watching a football show called 360. No, there was another football show after that called On the Couch. So my husband and I follow AFL, so football season is upon us. Brisbane Lions. Ah, well, they haven't started yet. There's a split round, so they'll have their first game next week. Yes, and we're members. Yep, so we'll go to the gavel the week after that. I think I was in bed by about quarter to 10 last night. Well, I didn't read a book last night, but I have several books by my bed, but I don't seem to finish any of them. But anyway, so no, I didn't read last night. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment. No comment.