 Hey, yesterday I woke up at 5.15. I went and had a shower. I then got dressed for work. I then had breakfast, which I had Sultana brand for breakfast. Then I got my lunch out and put it in my bag. Brushed my teeth, re-straightened my hair and put my makeup on. Then I was ready to go, so I grabbed my bag and walked to the train station. Then caught the 6.06 train. Got into work at about 22.07. So then started to read my email. What else did I do yesterday? It's a bit of a blur. Monday, I think, yesterday, oh, we had CPR training in the afternoon. From 1 o'clock till, it was supposed to be at 4 o'clock, but it only went to about 3 o'clock. In the morning, I had to read over a few things. I think, I can't even remember. I remember the CPR training. After that training, I went to the gym and did my workout. Then I went home. I think I sat down and watched TV for a little bit. Then my boyfriend came home and we were cleaning off the deck, scrubbing it down. We had to move the barbecue and a day bed off the deck, put it in the shed, so we could wash down the deck. I helped him with that for a little while. I actually had a load of washing as well during that time, which I hung out while we were still doing the deck. Then we cooked dinner. We had steak and veggies for dinner, which we sat and watched in front of the TV. Then I had a shower before dinner. Anyway, we were watching the 7 p.m. Project as well as The Biggest Loser. In between those, well, in between the ads, I was reading my magazine. Then I went to bed and read some more. I probably turned off the light just after 9 p.m. and went to sleep. Is that your normal time to wake up? No, that is probably about the usual time, anywhere between 5 p.m. and 6 p.m. There's a bit of a difference there, but I can start work any time. The earlier I get in, the earlier I leave. That's what I see. When you had breakfast? No, just cereal. You mentioned you got up. We had leftovers from the night before, so it was already in a container. Do you usually treat yourself? Yes, when there are leftovers. There's only the two of us, so there's usually a little bit of something that I can take with me. That was a Sunday night dinner, which we went to Brent's mum's for dinner. She always has leftovers, something for us to take home. That was fine. Do you walk? No, I say 7 minutes approximately. No, actually I read my Kobo. I was reading a book. It's called All That I Am. I'm about 40% through, so the Kobo tells me. Do you enjoy it so far? It's a bit hard to get into, but I'm hoping that it will pick up or get my interest more. That's all right. Do you try and do that every day? Yes, in the mornings especially, but in the afternoons I probably listen to the radio and maybe play a game or play on Facebook or something like that. So you start with a lot, don't you? Not too many. I finished work early on a Friday, so there were probably a few more emails than there would be if I'd finished work at 4 o'clock on a Friday. But not too many that I had to action deleting ones. And your lunches? Yes, I ate in the meal room actually and it was delicious. Do you always eat in the meal room? No, very rarely I eat in the meal room actually. I usually eat at my desk. And do you go out occasionally? Yes, today we went out for lunch, but occasionally like you said. Not too often. I'm trying to save money. And did the training start? I had lunch at 12 o'clock, so I had about 45 minutes between the end of lunch and the training. Can you tell me a bit about that? Yes. So what? Because I've done CPR training before, so there was a new symbol. Usually it was Dr. D-R-A-B-C-D, but there's now D-R-S-A-B-C-D. So I sort of learned that there was a new code in there, which is now send for help. We practiced on what I'd call the mannequins or the dummies. Just, you know, practicing blowing in their mouth and the chest compressions. And it's 30 chest compressions to two breaths. If it's an infant, you don't tilt their head back. And it's just two fingers on the chest and I think the same amount of compressions. I'm trying to get the first bit down. I'm just wondering how much CPR has changed over the last few years. Yeah, which is probably why it's important. I mean, I think we're lucky with being in the QPS that they offer it for free. So we can update our skills and stuff at any point. So it's the same with first aid training. I haven't done a refresher of that. But, you know, you wouldn't normally do it otherwise, unless it was a prerequisite for your job or something like that. So that was really good. But there was a bit of an assessment at the end of it. And then you had to answer 15 questions and everyone had to get 100% right. Otherwise they would fail. But I got 100%. So 100% first through? Yeah, well, yeah. Well, I was sitting next to a friend. So one of the questions I was unsure and she told me the right answer. I think you're allowed to cheat and those sorts of things. But yeah. So when the course finished, did you go back? No, I had brought my stuff because it was supposed to go till four o'clock, the course. And so I was going to go straight from the course to the gym. So I still did, even though I finished early, just meant that I didn't accrue as much flex time as I would have if it went to four. So you went gym desk? Yes. How long did you do? Three to... it was probably actually close to an hour. And were you on the machines? I was on weights and we started doing cardio, 20 minutes of cardio at the end of the sessions as well. That burning part in there. Treadmill? Yeah, treadmill yesterday. So you caught the train home in the evening? Yes. Did you read a book again? No, I think I was... actually my phone, I couldn't get the radio on my phone for some reason. So I was just listening to my music that I've got stored on my phone. And I think I was scrolling through Facebook as well to see what was happening. Nova. Yes. Yeah, it's been about 12 months since we put the deck in, so I think it's due for its second coat or whatever, yearly refresher coat. So yeah, it's probably more along a darker colour than a light colour. I did the veggies and Brent does this meat on the barbecue. Yeah. I wasn't paying that much attention, but I saw that they had temptation back or something like that, but I sort of stopped watching it. Yeah.