 Yesterday I woke up at 5.15. I went and had a shower. After that I got changed and had breakfast. I had cereal for breakfast which I had Sultana brand. Then I got some lunch ready which was not much of a lunch. I think I just pulled some watermelon and a pear and put that in my bag which I had packed the previous night. Then I walked to the train station. It takes about seven minutes to walk. Yesterday I think I caught the 6.18 train. So getting into work at about 7.15. Then I read through my email. I think I was trying to remember. Let's just go on. I got... What was I working on? Oh that's right. I was working on a disability plan. That had to be in by today actually. I had made sure I had all my comments and feedback in to the manager yesterday. That was a pretty big thing for me. That was the first time it was like an inter-government department plan, disability plan. So I provided my feedback on the Queensland Draft Plan. I was working with another police officer in our section but he works in a different area. I had met with him previously but I emailed him yesterday just to outline what I was going to to send on to our director. He was happy with that and so I got good feedback from him. He told me what I should do to prepare for the next part of the phase. It was a lady in our pod. It was her birthday actually yesterday. We had a morning tea around 9.30 and we had sausage rolls and cupcakes and some biscuits and some dip. So that was a nice change. At about 12 o'clock we received an email from our director saying that we had to provide some urgent response to the Kelty review in relation to mental health. That was due back by 10am this morning so we were madly working on that for the yesterday, for the remainder of yesterday afternoon. I didn't get out of work until about 5.30 actually and my boyfriend picked me up because he was driving home from a job from work. So I went home and I cooked dinner. We had chicken stir fry and so I ate that in front of the TV and then I had a netball game at 8.40. So I arrived at netball at about 8.20 so I had about 20 minutes to spare. I just sat and watched the other game. So we played netball and we ended up winning so that was good. We were playing a team that was actually harder than what was above us in the table as well so that was good that we were able to get a win there. So we didn't go home till about 9.30 so then I went home, I had a shower and went to bed. Yes, yes, nope. Yeah just the fruit. Actually I ended up buying lunch at work. Oh yeah at work I had a kebab. At that time it was yeah so I think I would have what time I said 5.18 I think I may actually I may have caught the 5.32 train or whatever that train is so it was light when I had went. Not too many actually because I had been at work late. Oh actually no I left early on Monday. Yeah there weren't too many I had to action mostly deleting. Oh maybe four. Yeah oh no that's right we had to come up with our actions on what we like they gave us strategies and we had to say what as the QPS what actions we would do for those strategies so I think we ended up commenting on maybe five different strategies. So I had to make a couple of phone calls with certain areas just to confirm that what I was saying would be correct but yeah only about five strategies actions. Yeah it was sort of an ad hoc thing. The girl that sit next to me she told me that was the lady's birthday the day before and so she had made cupcakes but I knew I was going to go and buy some sausage rolls yesterday so I did that and I actually had yeah I bought in dip and biscuits from home as well so it was only a very small like four people so yeah. She made they were like um lemon flavored I'll say they're nice. Yeah I had the kebab out at um out at 400 George and when I came back to my desk I think I had the fruit yeah yeah out for lunch for half an hour. Uh it was the new um urgent thing that we had to do for the Kelty review this morning yes yeah oh because he had called me saying that he was on his way so he usually gives me about five minutes or something but he took 10 minutes so I was waiting like five minutes or something for him. Oh it did take a while actually we didn't get home until just after six so which is probably 10 minutes longer than normally would. Yes I want to make sure my stomach settles a bit so because we had a late well I would consider a late game at 8 40 I think I'd finish dinner by 7 30. Yes um I actually just put like barbecue soy sauce and honey a weird combination but I think I overcooked it as well the chicken was a bit burnt. Sauces left but yeah no there's some left for leftovers that I'll have today for lunch. Um I was watching the 7 p.m project and the biggest loser. Um I think they don't watch it religiously you know so um I think there might be maybe 12 12 people I think they brought another team back in so yeah um yeah they had like a makeover session for two of the guys that won it won the biggest loser for the week or something so they yeah just did their little makeover thing and they looked they looked good so but yeah. Um I don't remember what the score was but I think we won by eight points um I think in grading games we had played them but I don't particularly remember apparently they smashed us previously in the grading games yeah. No I was just playing wing attack so I don't shoot yes um yeah after I had a shower and actually I sort of started packing my bag for this morning so um yeah probably about five minutes after my shower I was probably in bed by just after 10. No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment fantastic