 Yesterday I had set my alarm for 5.15 but then I turned it off and didn't get out of bed until 6.15. I then had a shower and then had some breakfast and for breakfast I had Sultana brand. I then, before I had breakfast, I got dressed for work. After breakfast I got my lunch ready. I then packed my bag ready for the day and left the house. I walked to the train station and I think I caught the 12 past 7 train and then arrived at Roma Street and then I walked from Roma Street to work. When I arrived at work I checked my emails and started reading through a support link evaluation. I also would have responded to some emails throughout the day as well. At about two o'clock we had a meeting with the Department of Communities. A colleague of mine and I walked to 111 George Street and the meeting went from 2 till 3. We then walked back to the office where I continued to do some work for another about 45 minutes. Then at about quarter to four I got dressed ready to go to the gym. I was at the gym about at four o'clock and did my workout and then left the gym at about 4.35. Then I went to catch the train back to the Groveley train station and walked home. Then I watched some TV and I got home and I had some leftovers for dinner. I had fried rice and I didn't do too much else. I watched some more TV and then went to bed. Yes, I just needed an extra couple or extra few minutes or so because I did have a bit of interrupted sleep with the dogs barking and whatnot. I don't know, sometimes I do bark at the neighbours at the back fence and stuff but because some girls go illegally, I don't know, just go through the back fence cutting through some council land. The dogs do go a bit mental sometimes. No, it was all right. Yes, two dogs. They're Bull Arab cross dogs. One's a big one, big white one, and one's a Bull Arab cross cattle dog or something. She's a little brown dog. Yeah, they are good to have around. We live on a main road so it's not necessarily the safest of areas where there are neighbourly people and stuff. They're still pretty good. My boyfriend, he had left the house just after six o'clock so actually I probably got up a bit before 6.15 but I had reset my alarm for 6.15 so I turned it off before the alarm had a chance to go off. I like to get in around the seven o'clock mark so I can finish either early or accrue some flex time so I can finish earlier on another day or something. Yeah, I actually had dinner at my boyfriend's mother's place the night before so she had already packed some chicken and vegetables into a little Chinese takeaway container so I had that plus I had to just get some grapes and apples for snacks and stuff throughout the day so it wasn't much packing but just gathered my food. The train station, it takes about seven minutes. Yeah, no, the train. Yeah, never the bus. I don't like buses. I think bus drivers are a bit crazy and we're really close to the train station goes direct to Roma Street whereas the bus would have, it's not a, you know, it would take forever for me I think and it's not a quick fast line or anything so the train's much more efficient for me. At that stage, yeah, it was. So yeah, because it was an express train from Mitchelton to, or no, maybe Alderley to Bowen Hills or something like that which generally means that it's, yeah, probably a bit busier because, yeah, it's quicker but yeah, I push my way through and get a seat. So I know at the, like, the beginning and, well, like, well, three stations from the start of that line so I usually do get a seat. Yeah, I don't think I've ever had to stand. So there are lots a lot that you have to delete just from the service desk, generic emails but they weren't, yeah, mainly ones that you just have to delete or just for your information type thing. There weren't too many that I had to actually respond to that had occurred over the weekend or on the Friday. No, that was just a, it was my first meeting that I had attended for this Elder Abuse Prevention Month campaign that they're working on. So we've got holding some, we're doing some stuff for that campaign. So yeah, I don't know when the next one will be. Elder Abuse Month is in Mar, no, sorry, June. So there might be one more meeting or something before or two more meetings or something before the actual campaign kicks off just to see where we're all at. But yeah, it's not a monthly one. Eight or ten? Yeah, no, I had it before because, I'll say before because I get into work early but I didn't really get into work that early. I had lunch probably about 12, 12.45. Yeah, yes. Yeah, my friend and I were doing like a 12 week challenge at the moment. So we're up to week four this week. So it's got all the exercises all planned out. So I think yesterday I worked on my legs. So yeah, just doing like free weights and on the machines and stuff as well. No, I don't know where she actually, well, I do know where she got it from. But it's just a thing that was, she got a program off the internet basically. And we're just giving it a crack just to see if we see any improvement. It will be five days a week. Yeah, yes. Actually, I think I have. I mean, I've noticed I've actually lost a little bit of weight and centimeters and stuff. So, you know, pleased with that, those efforts so far. But it's also about eating the right foods. I'm trying to cut out sugars and I'm not eating so many of those complex carbohydrates at certain times during the day and everything. But am I stronger? Yeah, I guess, because I, you know, each week I am trying to lift a little heavier weights and stuff. So yeah, I guess. Yeah. Previous night. No. What was yesterday, Fri? It must have been from Saturday. Yeah, because we went to the other boyfriend's mother's place for dinner on Sunday night. So yeah, must have been from Saturday night. I would have headed to bed at about nine o'clock. Yeah. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.