 Um, I woke up at about 6.30 and got ready for work, um, had an up and go at home and headed for the bus. Got the bus into town, um, then I got to work, um, and I think I got, arrived at about quarter past eight and I probably then made some more breakfast. I had some bagels that I toasted and then, uh, had a meeting, like an impromptu meeting with one of my colleagues who was having some drama, so I just chatted with him while I was eating my breakfast. That's right. Um, then I went back to my desk and started reading my emails and looking at the work that I had on that day. Um, forget what I was doing in the morning. I didn't have any other meetings other than that. I cleaned up some files on my desk, um, uh, cause I just completed a piece of work and I was ready to sort of clean up again and start afresh. And then got an urgent type briefing at about 11.30, um, which required a response by 10 AM this morning. So I went and got an early lunch ticked so I could come back and then just get a start on that. Um, for lunch I went across to the transit center and picked up some Persian food from a new place there and took it back and ate it at my desk while I was looking at the briefing documents. And I pretty much worked solidly on that all afternoon, um, apart from a few tea breaks. Um, and I actually worked back till 6.30 to try and get a head start on that because I had some meetings on this morning which I couldn't cancel. Um, so yeah, I left work at 6.30, got home quite late. Um, after 7 my partner was at work as well so, um, I put some dinner together, ate dinner and checked my emails, um, watched some programs on my iPad. Uh, then my partner got home about 9.30, uh, and we had a chat for a half an hour or so. And then I think I went to bed about 10 o'clock, maybe a bit after, and read a little bit in bed before going to sleep. Yep. Uh, no, I just finished it at, I just had it at home. Yep. Uh, banana. No, always the same. Yep, yes. Yeah, it's not so full where I get on so I always get a seat. Yep. Yeah, front of the bus. I always sit in those priority seats. Just a habit. Yep. Um, yeah, uh, I had cheese and tomato chutney. Um, there are a few. There weren't too many actually. It was looking like a quiet day until 11.30. Um, uh, I probably had about 25 emails but only had to do something with five of them. Um, oh, like 15 minutes or something. Yeah, yeah, that's just a stack of papers and paperwork and drafts of things that I was finished with. Yep, yep. No, no, it was the first that I'd heard about it. Yep. Um, sometimes, um, my manager rang me to say it was coming and then it arrived and we had a brief chat about it. Yep. Um, I had to put just like a written briefing together, like five to ten pages on a particular topic. Yeah, yep, yep. I had to, you know, like draft it and then send it to a couple of people for their input. So, you know, the drafts took a little while to put together. Yep, yes. Um, it's a lot of rice and meat dishes. Remember, they also have lentils and other stuff in there, but it's really yummy. And they serve it with yogurt. Yeah, I've been going there regularly. It's really, really good. Yeah, I think it's only been there a month. Yeah, but it's really, I've tried almost all of the dishes now. It's really good. Uh, I had a chicken one. I don't know what any of them are called, but it was like chicken with saffron rice and it had little like dried pomegranate in it or something. Yep. Um, it wasn't the best one. The best one is like the lamb shanks or the carrot juice. Yeah, it's nice in the cooler weather. Yeah. I brought it back and just ate it at my desk while I was working out an outline of what needed to be done for the brief. Uh, after much reformatting, it ended up being nine pages. Yeah, I tend to overwrite rather than, yeah. Yeah. Uh, no, I had a bit of a rest. I had a shower and tried to relax a little bit and made dinner after that. Yeah. Um, I had some leftovers and, um, just some raw veggies like snap peas and carrot and that. Yeah. Um, I watched the news and then I watched the 7.30 report and also watched foreign correspondent. And then I watched a, um, like a pregnancy birthing show online that I've been following. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, probably like 20 minutes. Yeah. Um, no, I'm just at the start of a new Tom Connealy book. Um, a bit hard to get into. Yes. I haven't gotten very far. Yeah. Um, yeah, no, yeah, I'll keep giving it a go. It's good. It's just, I'm also reading lots of other nonfiction books at the moment, so I'm a bit tired by the time I get to read that. Yep. Sure. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.