 Sure, I woke up at about 6.45 I think, had a shower, washed my hair, made a smoothie again, blow-dried my hair, got dressed and left for work. And I got to work probably would have been just after 8 and gosh I can't even remember. Did I have any meetings on in the morning? No, Patrice and I met up at about 11 o'clock to go through some work that we needed to talk about. So that went for about an hour and after that I'd brought my lunch with me that day. So I didn't need to go out and get anything so I had my lunch in the meal room and just read the paper over lunch it was quiet there was no one else in there. Then I went back to my desk and did some more work and then in the afternoon I had first aid CPR training and that was scheduled from 1 to 4 but it finished early at 3. So after that I went back to the office and checked my emails, did some more work, had a cup of tea and a snack. So yeah I had a snack back at work and then got changed and had a yoga class here at the gym at 4 o'clock and that went until 5. And then I walked down to the Goodwill Bridge and met a friend and we walked home together from there, from the bridge back to my house and that took about an hour. So I got home at about 6.30 and my partner had already made dinner and he was at work so I ate on my own and watched a little tv and then he came home and we had a chat. We called his parents to make some plans for the weekend and then I went to bed and was watching a movie on my iPad and yeah I didn't go to sleep until about 11.30 so must have watched some tv before. Yep, after my shower and I kind of made it and then took it with me on the walk to the bath. Yeah, it was banana, coconut yogurt, juice and milk. I sometimes change it, I've been having either mango or banana but that it doesn't get much more varied than that. Um, can't really recall. It wasn't, I got a seat so yeah it's never that busy. Yeah, um I usually check Facebook on my phone and check my emails and I play a word game as well on the iPhone so yeah. Um, it depends, it just depends what's on that day but yeah, yeah I just had the one internal meeting, I didn't have any external meetings that day so yeah. Yeah, um it was leftover pasta, the vegetarian pasta we'd made on the weekend. Yeah, uh yes I did. Yeah, yeah, yeah I had a bit of time back at my desk doing some email and work and stuff. Yeah, uh yeah it was a re-qualification of CPR so um I'm now re-qualified to deliver first aid CPR. Um, it was good course, the trainer was you know really knowledgeable and he wasn't a paramedic himself but he um has a lot of experience as a trainer um so it was good. Yeah, no it was a choice um and it was something I kind of figured would be good having a baby just in case. Yeah, but they didn't have any infant dummies there yesterday but I've done that before. Yeah, so I just wanted to be up on it again. Yeah, um yeah we just used the adult dummies and they run through for a small infant. They're flat on their back, you don't tilt their heads and um you cover their mouth and their nose for the breathing but you don't have to do the breathing either. Yeah, yeah just because it finished earlier than scheduled. Yeah, um maybe about seven people. Yeah, yes yeah I went to meet a friend but I walked straight yeah from headquarters to Goodwill Bridge and then home. Yeah, no yeah, yeah uh it was a Thai green curry. Yeah, it was good. Um, it was a Swedish film called When Darkness Falls. It was on SBS online. Yeah, uh it was a drama, it was quite intense um movie about three different stories about violence. Yeah, yeah it was subtitled. Yeah, it was good. Yeah, yeah it's fine. Yeah, no comment, no comment, no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment, no comment, no comment. Thanks.