 I woke up at about 6am to the neighbours cat scratching on the door. So I let him in and he wandered around for a bit while I was getting ready for work. My partner was still sleeping so I checked with him about leaving the cat inside and he was happy with that. So I just went on with having my shower and getting ready for work. I made a quick smoothie before I left the house. Then I walked to the bus stop and got on the bus and got off at Southbank and walked across the bridge to work. Then I got to work and checked my emails for a bit and then made some breakfast in the kitchen and ate that at my desk. I didn't have any meetings on yesterday so most of the day was just kind of spent on my computer doing work, reading or checking email. At lunchtime I went around the corner, grabbed something to eat from the bench and went back and ate that in the lunchroom. There were a couple of other people there. Then they started playing games on my iPhone and so they commandeered my phone for half an hour. Then I went back to my desk and just worked through the afternoon. I had a phone call from my car broker with some interest in a car that we're looking at buying. So I made some phone calls to do with that. Then at four o'clock I went to yoga at the headquarters gym for an hour. I stayed back a little bit and had a chat to the teacher. Then I walked home from yoga all the way to my place. I didn't get home until about 30. I didn't have to make dinner which was good. I had a shower, sat on the couch, some home emails, had dinner. The cat had come back. Then I watched Four Corners. There was a program about organ donation. Then I went to bed and read for a little while and went to sleep. I think that was my entire day. Yes, yeah, lives around the street. Yeah, not the actual neighbor but yeah. Yeah, when it starts to get cold weather again it starts to come around because it's a rag doll cat. It's got a lot of fur so we don't see it during summer but then in winter it starts coming around. Yeah, it's really cute. Yeah, we don't feed it food but we do give it milk and water. We like it to hang out but we don't want it to not go home. The woman knows that it sometimes comes around. She's happy that we're giving it some attention I think. Oh, sometimes the whole week would go past and we won't see it. But then once it tends to come then it comes back the next day and the next day. But yeah, it can go long periods without seeing. But it's really cute. If I get off the bus and walk home it follows me from its house. It sees me and it comes around like a little dog and then goes straight upstairs and into the house. We don't have any pets so it's nice to have. Yeah, without the responsibility we can still go on holidays and not have to worry about it. At home, yeah. Banana, coconut yogurt, milk and LSA. Just blend it up. Yeah, sometimes I think that morning I just drank it at home. Oh, less than 10 minutes, about 7 minutes. Well, yeah, I think so. Yeah, it was a quick ride in. I remember that. Yeah, I left a bit earlier and got to the Southbank stop at about 7.15. So I was at work by 7.30. Yes, no, no. Yeah, I always get a seat. Yeah, I had two. Yeah, I had a weird combination of Philly cheese and tomato chutney. Yeah, I'm pregnant at the moment so I'm eating lots of food and anything I can get my hands on. Fine, I just wished I had normal cheese, which I bought on my way to work this morning. Didn't have to have the Philly cheese. Yeah, I usually have at least one or two meetings. I have a meeting this afternoon so that's kind of a bit more usual day. Interrupted by a different meeting, but yesterday I didn't have anything on. No, just nothing planned. Yeah, I went out and picked something up and then brought it back to the office. Yeah, they have cafe stuff but they have a lot of Asian food as well and I got like a stir fry and rice. Yeah, it was bijou. Yeah, and I... Lunchroom. Yeah, there was two other people there and they were asking me about the games on my phone and then I was showing them and then they both became addicted and took over my phone for the next half an hour. Word duel. Yeah, it's like a word game that's pretty addictive. Yeah, I head back to work and they kept my phone in the mail room for about half an hour. Yeah, yeah, yep. Yeah, we're gonna take a look at it on Friday. Hopefully, if it all goes well, we will get it. Yeah, we've been looking for some time so... And we don't have a car at the moment so that's a bit of a pain. It's not easy to look for other cars while you don't have an existing car. But the dealer is on the Gold Coast so he's bringing it up on Friday. We're gonna have a look at it. Yeah, it's a Toyota Corolla station wagon. It's a few years old. Yeah, we want something secondhand. Yeah. Yeah. No, it wasn't too busy. There was quite a few people away yesterday and a few people that left early. So there was only about three of us left in the office around four o'clock. So yeah, quite... Ah, quieter. Yeah, generally. Yeah. I do yoga once a week and Pilates once a week. At headquarters. Yeah. Yeah, I just had a quick chat to the teacher because some of the moves that I can't do because I'm pregnant. So he gives me some other stuff to do. So he's just showing me a couple of new things. Yeah. So I walked home. I met a friend at 5.30 and we walked home together. Yeah. About an hour or 50 minutes to an hour. No, it's quite nice. We sort of go across the Goodwill Bridge and through South Bank and then... But then it's up Annerley Road, which is a bit of a hill, but it's a gradual hill. So it's not too bad. I'm trying to aim for at least twice a week, but I've been a bit out of practice. So that was my first time in a while. Yeah, that's the other thing. It's been raining a lot. Yeah, I get the train. Yeah, so I get the bus in the morning and I get the train in the afternoon because the train is uphill in the morning to get to the station. So but it's better for traffic wise to get the train because it's only four stops, whereas the bus you get a bit of traffic, but it's easier to get to in the morning. Yeah, I don't actually drive, so I'm reliant on public transport. So I'm buying, we're buying a car, but I don't drive. Passenger. So I can't get my license because I have poor eyesight. So it's not something that can be corrected fully. So it's a bit of a danger to be on the road. Yeah. Do I, yeah, I do get a bit nervous. I don't like driving on the highway, but I'm fine the rest of the time. I usually trust the driver, not being a driver myself. I can't really do that. Yeah, he was in the process of doing that, but then I stopped him whilst we were talking about the car and what to do about that. And we had to ring the guy back. But yeah, then he finished making dinner and we ate dinner. Yeah, we had like a veggie noodle soup thing. Yeah, we call it one pot because you just chuck everything in. Yeah, it was good. Yes. I'm just at the end of a book called A Year in Provence, which is about a couple that moved from England to France to live in the South of France for a year. Yeah, I finished it yesterday. Yeah, I was on the last chapter. Yeah, yeah. It was about 9.30 that I went to bed and then I probably read for like a half an hour, then went to sleep around 10. Yeah, all the time. Okay, sure. Yeah, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Great. 20 weeks. Yeah, it has.