 Okay, my alarm went off at 5.30 and I got up at 6.00. And I went, took the dog outside and went to go feed the chickens. I refilled the chickens water and gave them their breakfast and I went upstairs and fed the dog. After that I got ready for work, got dressed, put my makeup on, did my hair and left the house at about 7.10. I drove my car to the train station and caught a train at 7.30. And the train got into Rome Street station at just before 8 o'clock in the morning. And then I walked to work. I checked my emails and I continued working on the current project I'm working on called the Demand Plan. Most people from my office went to a morning tea yesterday, but I stayed behind and took care of the phones and had leftover cake when everyone got back. Took my lunch at 12.00. At about 2.30 a friend of mine came over and we chatted for about 10 minutes at my desk. And I left work at about 4.30. Oh and I went to yoga class yesterday as well. Lunchtime I went to yoga. I did my first yoga class. I signed up at the gym to do a lunchtime yoga class. It was quite good. The instructor's name was Michael. So I left work at 4.30, walked to the train station, caught my train, and caught the train to Cannon Hill station, got in my car and drove to my mum's house to pick up my dog. My dog gets dropped off at my mum's house by my partner every morning. She gets a puppy sat there. Had dinner at my mum's before driving home. And then my partner and I went out for dinner at Ceylon Inn on Oxford Street in Billimba. Which is a really nice restaurant, great curry. And then we were home by about 8 o'clock. And then did some chores around the house and watched TV till bedtime. Bedtime about 10 o'clock. Yep, snooze. Now I do a mash for them. I get these pellets and mix it with hot water so they have a nice hot breakfast. Every morning they get that and then they have other food that they can help themselves to through the day. Occasionally I do if he has to go somewhere early in the morning then I will drop the dog off. But then we just felt sorry for leaving her at home and mum was fine to have her at her house. She hangs out with my mum's dog all day. He's too. Way too old for puppy treatment. Too spoiled. Exactly. Yeah. I think she'll need a friend first. Yes. I've been reading Game of Thrones. Ah no, it's taken me ages to get through the book because I only ever read on the train. Yep. Ah, since the beginning of the week, since Monday. I think probably another couple of weeks. Ah, just myself, yes. Yeah, someone was leaving. Yeah. I volunteered. Ah, half an hour. No, none actually. Ah, it was actually a Guinness cake though it didn't taste like Guinness. I don't know, they just, big trays were brought with all the leftovers so I just helped myself. Ah, some of it. The piece that I took was Guinness cake. I've been to yoga but not at the headquarters gym. Ah, pretty similar. Yeah. Yes, a full hour. Ah, what did I have yesterday? Ah, leftover stew I think. Yes, 10 minutes. Longer than usual. Yes, we took her home where I met my partner to go out. Ceylon Inn. No. Yeah, it was actually really good curry. Good quality curry, not the tummy ache curry. No, we have one of those entertainment books with the vouchers in. So they're really good for deciding on where to go. Exactly, we go out heaps more now that we're using the vouchers. As cheap skates as we are. Ah, every Thursday, every second Thursday night, so once a fortnight, we'll go out and choose somewhere from the book. Yeah. No, there is quite a few nearby places. Yeah, it's really good. Yeah, within about 15 minutes I think, yeah. I ordered a paneer butter masala. Ah, some rubbishy thing. Oh no, I think we watched Grand Designs, the English one. There's an Australian one? Oh, I'll have to look out for that. Love that show. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Yep.