 Okay, well, on Sundays I normally go to the markets. It's a local farmer's market, so I woke up nice and early for that. I spent about maybe two hours at the market. I was there with my mum and my sister and my grandma. Coming home from the market, my mum dropped me off back at my house and I started putting away the fruit and veggies that I'd bought at the markets. Shortly after that, my partner and I got ready to go to DFO, so more shopping. We had a number of things to buy, mostly presents for guests that are coming soon, so it was going to be a bit of a big shopping trip, so we braced ourselves for that. We left at about, I think it was about 9.30 to get there right when DFO opened at 10 and we spent about two hours at DFO. After DFO, we came back home, we made lunch. We made bacon and egg wraps, so it was a bit of a brunt. Then I went and had a sleep, which is one of the nice things about Sundays. My partner went and played on his computer. I slept for about half an hour, best nananap ever, and woke up, had a little something else to eat. I think I read the paper for a little bit on the lounge. Then we started doing work out in the garden. I vacuumed inside of my car, so did my partner. That's been on the to-do list for a long, long time. I washed the outside of my car and then I started watering my garden. It hasn't rained for a few days and I wasn't to know the big storm was going to come, so I watered my garden. I spent about an hour doing that and then I planted some plants that I'd bought at the market that morning. Once we finished that, we got ready to go to Wynnum Esplanade for a walk and fish and chips. We planned to meet my mother and my grandma and my dad there as well. First of all, we all met up and went for a nice long walk along the esplanade, watched the looming clouds roll in, wondered if we should maybe go home, but chose to stay on because it was so nice out in the breeze. We bought fish and chips but as we were coming out towards the picnic table where we were going to sit to eat it, the storm burst into life and we got absolutely saturated, soaking wet and the rain blew into the shelter where we were trying to sit and eat. So that pretty much washed out our trip to the beach. Unfortunately, that was the first time my grandma, who's come from overseas, has seen Wynnum Esplanade, so it wasn't a very good show for her. After that, we drove home in the pouring rain. The roads were quite flooded, so I was a bit worried about us being able to get home, but we made it home safely. We met mum and dad back at mum's place. I had a cup of tea there for about an hour and probably about 7.30 we went back home and I potted around the house doing some odd jobs, went on my computer, checked my bank, transferred some money and did some online shopping while I watched Downton Abbey, one of my favourite shows. Once Downton Abbey finished, it was almost 10 o'clock and time to go to bed. It was quarter past five. Yeah, no, I pressed snooze about one, not too many times. About a 15 minute drive. No, we went separate, my partner and I went in a separate car to my mum and my grandma and my sister. Yes, regular routine. We got fruit and vegetables for the week and I got two plants. I think that's about it. Bromeliads. Yes, I've got some other bromeliads growing that are looking really nice, so I thought I'd get a different variety. Mm-hmm, yes. Yes. No, it wasn't too bad. No, because we got there nice and early. That's always a plan. Yeah, not as much as we hoped to. Only about half of things on our shopping list, which is always the way with DFO. I keep saying I just shouldn't bother go. How do we always end up going? Yeah, really crap. Yeah, so we did the whole thing. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm, yeah. At the markets I had two pumpkin puffs and I also had a hot cross bun when I came home. Mm-hmm. I weeded, took some weeds out while I was watering. I set the sprinkler on one end and did some weeding down the other and then once I'd finished that, I dug some holes and planted the bromeliads. Yeah. Yes. No, not too much. They were small, how can I describe, about 20 centimetres long and 20 centimetres high. A little bush of bromeliad. No, they're small, low-growing plants. Bromeliads, quite a few, quite a few different varieties now and they're all coming into bloom, so looking very nice. Yes, they have a pink base with little dark purple petals that come out the side. Yes. Oh, that was probably an hour. It was probably about six months ago. Yes, and then it rained. Yes. We left at about 10 past five. No, we went in separate cars again. Yes, we walked for about four k's actually. About half an hour. Yes, on the esplanade, right on the water. Yeah. Yeah, it's like that. We have a tree, we have to turn around before we can walk back. Sort of a tradition. Yes, we could see the clouds coming in, boiling and looking like they had hail in them. We were so busy looking at the clouds, we didn't think maybe we should get in the car and leave. That's right, yeah. Well, I argued that we should cut short the walk, but my dad said, no, we have to go around the tree. It'll be bad luck if we don't. That was my argument. Yes, yes, eventually, yeah. Yes, they were and the burgers were soggy. Yeah, we still ate them. About 45 minutes at my mum's. I don't think so, no. Goes for an hour. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment.