 Okay, you want start, finish times and everything? Okay, I woke up at, got up out of bed at 6 and I went out to feed the chickens. Fed my chickens, took the dog with me and then I went up to feed the dog and then I started to get ready for work. Getting ready for work takes me about an hour. So I left for work at quarter past seven and I drove to Cannon Hill train station and caught the 7.30 train. I got into work, signed in at quarter past eight and then started doing a research task I'm doing at the moment. That research task is looking into wiki software within the corporate environment. At morning tea I met up with a friend of mine who I haven't seen since before I went on leave and we met up for coffee at Tourism House. We were catching up for about an hour. For lunch I had leftovers, I just ate them at my desk and kept working through lunch. I left work at half past four and caught the train, got in my car and drove straight to Carindale Shopping Centre because I had to buy a present for a friend of mine whose party celebration is on tonight. Went to a number of shops, managed to find a present, took back, returned a pair of shoes that I had to return and I got home at about 7.30, made myself and my partner a cheese toasty and then I went onto my computer and did some online banking and sorted out some photos from our holiday. Yep, went to bed at about 10 o'clock. It was set for 5.30. Yep, I have four. Only two of them lay. Two are ex-battery hens and they stopped laying quite a while ago. No, they don't lay till around lunchtime. I opened some doors so that they're in a large enclosure for the day. She's pretty good. She was terrible when she was a puppy but we trained her by holding her on the lead while the chickens were around and now she's quite reliable. She's a Dalmatian, so naturally wants to eat chicken. Yeah, takes me about 12 minutes. No, takes about 25 minutes. I looked on Facebook and then checked the courier mail on my phone. Depressing ones about the government, yeah. I think it's something my boss wants to know more about. Yeah, definitely. Didn't know anything about it when I started but sometimes that's the best way to start learning about something. I don't think there's enough information out there actually. Other organisations don't really talk about what sort of software they use so that's unfortunate for us because we then can't learn about it. So I've just been gathering what information there is. A week since Monday. Yeah, pretty much almost finished. At 10 o'clock. I had a soy latte. No, I took it at 12. Yes, I stayed at my desk. Yeah, it was leftover curry that my mum made. 10 minutes I think. It's about 15 minute drive. Not really. I had to get something fairly generic because I didn't have any great ideas but there's lots of Mother's Day presents out, you know, lots of nice hand creams and stuff so that kind of made it easy. I think it was about three or four. No, I got a refund and went to have a look at some other shoes in the store but decided I didn't want any of them. Yeah, the original ones didn't fit. Yep, in New Zealand. Oh, so many that it filled up my partner's hard drive and he had to buy a new one. Yeah, trying to get rid of the blurry ones. No. Yep, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.