 Ah yes, so yesterday, oh yep, so I woke up, got changed, put on makeup, whatever else, came to work and then I had quite a bit on. I was quite happy because on Wednesday I had a lecture and I got my result back on Wednesday night so I was able to tell everyone on Thursday what I got. It was a really, really, really, really, really hard assignment. That almost killed me. And so I had quite a bit on at work, just doing business as usual stuff but just a lot on with all the restructure, the different contact officers and everything is getting a bit out of control. And then I had lunch at work so I just had some leftover chicken pad thai which was really, really tasty. And then just did some more work. I left a little bit later than usual yesterday. I left at about, I think about 5.30 and then I went straight home. I didn't go to the shop because I was tired and we didn't go out either at night. And went home and then my brother was having problems with a new real estate agent he has for his house he's renting in Sydney. So I stayed up some of the night trying to figure out what she's doing. I woke up at about maybe 7 o'clock, a bit late. No, I don't think I did. Yeah, yeah, 8 at work, yeah, 8 something at work, I think around morning tea. No, it was pretty good yesterday. Yeah, I know but I just played, I'll just go on Facebook with my phone. So yeah, a lot busier than usual. Just following up on things. Whole week's been a little bit busy but yesterday was a bit more busier because I just had a few more things to follow up than usual. Sometimes time goes faster I guess but sometimes it's just a bit too much. So, a little bit too much because no one was talking to me. No one's responding to my emails. Because a lot of people for the police officers today is, well for some of them, today is their last day so they don't care. Yeah, they just leave it, they don't even respond to my email. They don't care so I just got to try and find someone else who knows it. Yeah, yeah. I got a high distinction so yeah, it was really good. Yeah, it was a really hard assignment. You had to write about health and safety legislation and there was somehow no word limit because the tutor doesn't like word limits. He thinks it limits your ability to write and everything like that. So you just didn't know at what point to stop and then he hadn't actually marked mine but I asked him in the lecture to mark mine really quickly. Oh and then he did it for me and yeah, he said I might be disappointed with my result. I don't know maybe if my result was maybe a bit lower than others, I'm not sure. But yeah, so I got 26 out of 30. So that's good. I don't know why he said that. He said that we might be disappointed with this result so I'm thinking maybe the class overall was maybe a bit higher or something. I don't know. So he just said that. But my friend who's got the hots for got 30 out of 30. It's like so obvious. We've had two assessments so far and she got 100% for both of them and we're like, oh my god. And he knows her name off by heart. I see him every single week and he goes, what's your name again? Seriously? And he goes, hi Madison. He's like 60. It's like really weird. About 5,200 so. I almost died. That's heat. Especially on legislation. It's really boring too. And because it requires a certain level of interpretation, it's a bit difficult to know whether you're interpreting it incorrectly. So because a lot of them, some parts they have specific sections because you had to do three health and safety acts and some parts had specific sections because of the industry standards and everything and other parts were just very broad and very ambiguous. And they use words like, you know, maybe or could instead of actually saying that they must. So it was just a bit difficult to know exactly what to say because when it says that you could, I don't know under what circumstances they don't have to or if there's a particular instance where they must, but only in these circumstances. Like it was just really hard. And I, in the end, I just kind of, I just didn't care anymore. I just submitted it saying, you know, if I fail, I don't care. Because you just, it was just so hard. But it's all good. Um, he told me, I cornered him in the lecture and I asked him and he said he would actually mark it to me. He said he would mark it for me, um, on the Thursday because it's Wednesday night lecture. Mark it for me on the Thursday and mark it back to me on the Friday morning. But I actually got my result that night. So he must have like just skimmed through it. I don't know how he does it. He just did it so quickly. But the thing is that he, he's like been doing health and safety legislation for like, you know, a million years. So he knows all the acts off by heart. He knows what the change is. He knows he can recite all the sections. So I'm not sure perhaps if he could just tell on first glance whether they're right or not. But I was just really nervous because you had, instead of, if you, if you found, um, I don't know why he does this, but it's a bit weird. If you found the, if you wrote the right thing, but you referenced incorrectly. So obviously you referred to a different section of the act because maybe you interpreted it differently. You actually end up failing that section. You don't even get part marks for even doing it right. Because as far as he's concerned, you're just right or wrong. Yeah. I was like, Oh crap, because like for legislation, it's really hard though. I was like, Oh, maybe I failed. If I, cause if you get the wrong, um, references, I thought maybe it's a possibility I did it wrong, but he said it was all right. So I was happy. Or he didn't read it. He mocked it like a couple of hours cause he had a toot after that as well. So we finished at 730. He had a toot that went to about maybe 815 and I got my result back by like nine o'clock or 845 or something like that. So I don't know. I don't know how he did it. Yeah, I think so. Like it had to be that bad, but it was so quick. I don't know how he does it. So, uh, yesterday I stopped for lunch at about 1245. Yes. No, bought it. Um, probably maybe around quarter to five. Yeah. I just, yes. Um, had a bit, bit more to do. So no, I, I liked to, but I didn't. Yeah. Um, it was slightly a little bit later, but I think not. It was almost immediate. Yeah. We kind of went home and my parents were talking about it and, um, and then, yeah, they just asked my help. So yeah, he lives in Sydney. We're emailing him. He, he lives, he's been living at this one place, um, which is close to the city, which is really good for him for like, you know, forever. And um, they have like a new real estate agent and she's a bit dodgy. So just trying to figure out, apparently she says they owe him all they, he and his housemate owe her all this money. I don't know. It's a bit of a crazy one. I hope so. Um, we just ended up having a bit of a late dinner, just some steak and veggies. That's it. Yes. I watched, um, Law and Order. Uh, it was just for a Pete show. So it's, um, I watched the SVU one, which is predominantly about like, uh, sexual assault. So yeah. Uh, not that one. Did you feel, oh, I think maybe, yeah, I have. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A little bit. I think it was a long time ago. So yeah. I only, I only remember I saw it when it was like the very last bit when they showed who it was. I was like, oh yeah, I remember. Um, I had, maybe about, um, 10, 15, something like that. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.