 I woke up and I started sneezing a lot, had a bit of a headache and started to get a bit of some sinus. And then I went back to sleep but yeah, kind of woke up still not feeling very well so I didn't go to work, feeling a bit sick. And then I pretty much rested a lot of the day, woke up and had a small bit of lunch but didn't feel so well afterwards and then went back to sleep and then went to bed early and yeah, slept all night. I had a very boring day, a little bit of TV but not my... What did I watch? I watched cartoons. No, that's so lame. But yeah, I watched just small, I think, can't remember what I watched but just some TV shows on. No, that's a bad day. It was only in the morning so watched a bit of that and then went back to sleep. No. Yeah, so, oh, that. Oh yes, it was my brother's 29th birthday on the 1st of May and I've been... He's asked for like an Android tablet thing but we thought it'd be more appropriate to get an Apple iPad mini. They have the Apple stores and it's probably more easy to get it fixed if something goes wrong so you don't have to send it back to Melbourne or something. So I've researched on the computer about the Apple iPad minis with a different price and also because we're both students and working, if there's any sort of student discount, my brother said there is. Apparently it's like 10% or something. So it works out to be like maybe $35, $40 off each. So yeah, looking at options to do that. So yeah, buying it as a present. Yeah, so yeah. How'd my alarm set? 6.30. Yeah, yeah. How'd my alarm set? I think it's about maybe 7.30, 7.45. No, I called in sick a little bit later. So I called in sick at about 8.30. Yes, yeah, my other team leader. So yeah, no, I didn't feel like eating. So yeah, pretty much. I've been just having some really bad sleep patterns and everything with that assignment. So haven't really felt like eating or anything. So yeah, yeah. I had a nap on the couch for a bit of the morning and then yeah, stayed in bed the rest of the day. Yeah. I think there were just some normal ones. I don't really watch them. So just whatever was on TV. Yeah, yeah, something like that. Yeah, yeah. It was just like normal hours. What time? It was quite late. I think about two o'clock. I just had pie. Yeah, no, no, no. I went back to bed. Yeah, yeah. I think because I haven't been eating a lot when I've done the exam, no, doing my assignment and everything. Now that I'm starting to eat a bit more, I'm starting to feel sick when I eat. So yeah, no, I felt a little bit better, but I just felt extremely exhausted. Extremely exhausted throughout the day. Yeah, yeah. In the afternoon, late afternoon. Yeah, I think so. I think just like because they have an iPad mini and an iPad mini 2. I think I'm just going to get the iPad, the normal one. I assume that's the first model. I don't know. It doesn't say. Yeah, it does. But I haven't actually seen the second model out yet, so I'm not sure if it's just out or only an online. I'm not really sure. It just says iPad mini and iPad mini 2. I think the iPad mini 2s are really expensive, so they must be new. Definitely. Yeah, he actually asked for. Yeah, because initially he didn't say he wanted anything, but just thought get something because he always buys us something. So it's probably not really good to not get him anything. Yeah, well, he lives in Sydney, so yeah. Well, I've heard from a friend. I'm not really sure if this can happen or maybe she did it differently. But for an Apple store, we might be able to. It depends on what store it is. We can actually go in and pay for it, maybe arrange to pick it up at Sydney. So but I'm not sure. It may have been. I don't know if she had a friend working there, arranged or something. So I've heard you can do that, but I'm not sure. Initially we were just going to get him to buy his and just give him the money, get him to go and buy it in Sydney himself. But the thing is that because my parents are going to get me one too, we just thought it might be might be able to get some sort of some sort of discount or something if we buy two together, because usually they'll throw in something for you. Yeah, well, we're hoping to get a case or a spare charge or maybe something we can use so we don't have to go and buy one, because if we buy two, they might throw in or might give us like maybe something but at a cheaper price. So we'll see what they can do. If they don't do anything, they might just get him to go and buy it in Sydney. Oh, really? Yeah. Older brother. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, um, just mum's Asians had some Asian food. Yeah. No, no mum cooked. I felt okay. It just felt so exhausted though. So yeah, really, really tired. Yeah. I think about maybe 8.30. Okay. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no command.