 Yesterday morning, alarm went off at 5.30, listened to the news, got out of bed, made my bed, had a shower, dressed, breakfast, made my lunch, cleaned my teeth. My husband drove me down to the station to catch the train. The train was actually a little bit late in leaving because of a signal problem, so we actually had to move across to the other platform, catch the next train. This normally goes straight through to Cleveland, but it terminated at Roma Street, so people had to get off at Central if they wanted to go further down the line. I collected the papers at the newsstand at the transit centre, bought a cup of coffee and came into work. Did my usual housekeeping things, putting the papers down, tidying up, turning on printers, checking paper, check the emails, see if there's any early requests. Then basically resume on normal duties. Also, what did I have? Nothing special. Yesterday was a catch-up day because the previous day we'd been at a workshop. We were purchasing a new, well actually not a new, library management system, upgrading to a new management system. The parent company was hosting a roadshow over at Southbank, so other library users of that particular management system were learning all about basically the new features that the new program had to offer. And then came back and we also went to a presentation hosted by KPMG and it was a presentation on forensic technology used in, I guess, the gathering of evidence, looking at the digital footprint, which was very interesting and applicable to our work. So we were telling the other staff members who didn't go about that as well, catching up. There was just Kim and I yesterday because Katrina was out at Oxley, so it was a catch-up day yesterday, work-wise. Yesterday, what did I do? I trained home. I was a little bit later, I was trying to finish off a reference inquiry because I'm having tomorrow and Monday off, so I was trying to get a few things done, so I was a little bit later. My husband picked me up at the station and he forgot that I was going to be on the later train and he got busy in the yard, so I walked about halfway home and then he came and got me, which was fine because it was quite pleasant. I prepared the dinner, we had dinner. I was reading for a little while, watched one TV show, read for a little bit more in my endeavour to finish my book, which I couldn't do, which was tantalisingly close to the end, but I was just too tired to finish it off. So I put out the light about 11, a little bit later. Nothing in particular because we are kind of news people in our house, whether we want to be or not, because my husband is a person who has the radio on just about in every room in the house or TV. Usually it's the last thing, we always watch the news or listen to the news before we go to sleep, so there wasn't really anything new. That early in the morning, yes, so it was pretty much, probably the main point of interest was the weather forecast for me. Yesterday morning I had rolled oats and a cup of tea. Usually, more often than not, I always bring lunch. So yesterday I actually made a sandwich and got some fruit, apple and grapes. The normal train, which is supposed to leave at 6.45, it was about five or six minutes late in leaving. It was only locally, yes, just that we actually had to change. It was only on one side too, so we had to change from number one platform to number two platform because the signal was working on that side. Yes, walk across to the other, yes, yes. I'm not sure why they couldn't just change a track, but I suppose the leading line possibly wasn't enough time in between the signal and the train that we're moving. Usually both trains are there anyway, so one usually goes straight through to Cleveland, which is my train, and the next one would normally go through to Beenleigh. Actually, I didn't have my book to read because we'd gone out the night before straight from work. I'd do the presentation, I left my backpack at work, so I didn't have my book. I had the page from the courier mail with the bridge column and the crosswords on it. First of all, I read the bridge column and then I usually do the crosswords, or then I do the Sudirco, which I'm not as good at the mathematical as well as the words, so I have a priority. Yes, so were you able to get to Dubai? Yes, yes. No, Chez Nook. Yes, I'm first one to work, so the others will probably get a coffee, but they come in later. Basically, we left around about 8.30, it was at Ridges, so we walked there. The presentation started around about 9-ish, with a break for morning tea and lunch. I think it was due to finish around about 3, but it finished a bit earlier than that, and we walked back by town. Worked for a couple of hours and left about 4.30 to go uptown for the presentation. It wasn't too bad. We get on a lot of mail lists in regard to different things for which we can nominate ourselves, in addition to the corporate emails. We also have the other email lists of interest relevant to our work. But no, it wasn't too bad. It was on Tuesday night. It started at 6 and finished about 7.15. They had drinks and that afterward. We didn't stay for the drinks because we weren't going to have a drink of something to eat beforehand. We have a little area up the back of the library, or the front of the library, as some people might say, because it actually faces onto Ramayne Street. We have a little area there where we have a fridge and a desk and that set aside. So if we're not going out of the building, then we would normally have it there, and that's what I did. 4.45, yes I was. Throughout the evening she was. I did. I was getting impatient because it's about 650 odd pages. While I was enjoying the story, I'd already read a couple of Game of Thrones books which were around about not quite the same volume. So I just wanted to get it finished. And have you finished yet? I've still got about six pages to go. I'll finish at lunchtime. Actually, I made a cottage pie. I was thinking, that's the very first time you asked me what I made and I made the same thing and I hadn't made it for ages. You know, I'm a boring cook. So I had cottage pie, beans, carrots. I watched the following. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Good.