 Usually weekdays and yesterday I woke up at 5.30, I'd had a bed, catch the train, my husband drives me to the station, catch the 6.45 train into Rummer Street, collected the newspapers from the newsstand, went across to Chez Nous and bought a coffee and went to the library, clock on at 7.30. Usually first up I check the photocopiers, turn on the computers, check my email, check the generic email, see if there's any requests there and this is the beginning of my day. Put the newspapers out, tidy up the stands, just do general maintenance work in that first 20 minutes or so, half hour, before I get down to work. Then yesterday I was finalising a reference request, I was doing for Kim who's been doing the prosecutor training material. I had different bits and pieces during the day, it was not a lot of people coming into the library but I had a lot of things to sort of follow up on so it was a pretty full day. My husband rang to say that he could collect me at four o'clock because he was in the city and drove home on the way we stopped at the Morani Hills library to return a book that was due which was rather sad because I hadn't finished reading it. So I dropped that off, came home, prepared dinner, show and change, watched a DVD that I've been trying to finish so I can return to Kim and that was about it, that was my day. Usually the radio comes on at 5.30, I was actually awake a little bit before 5.30 so I got up at 5.30. Sometimes I listen to the news and then get up. I did, I actually had porridge and a cup of tea. I just have twinings, afternoon tea, just white, no sugar, or less than five minutes. Sometimes I walk if the weather's good. I wasn't feeling inclined to walk yesterday and the weather was in Clement, it was quite overcast yesterday so it was early in the morning so he dropped me down, all stations. 30 minutes, sometimes 35, just depends. Yes, it starts at Fernie Grove so there's always a seat on the tray. I usually read my book, get into the quiet carriage and read my book. I got a coffee before I came to it, yes. We get the Australian and the Kooriya Mail on the weekends. We get the Saturday Mail, the Weekend Australian and the Sunday Mail so usually I collect those on Monday along with Monday's papers. Just making sure that it's, I turned on, there's this paper in the trays and I check the printers as well and turn on the, we have a non-network computer so I log that on as well. Yesterday I was a bit late, I think I had lunch break at close to 1.30. No. Yesterday I had yogurt and fruit. No, rarely. I usually bring. He was. We didn't go directly home but leaving that hour of the day, which is usually about 25 minutes. Yes, it was Clash of the Kings, it's in the Game of Thrones series. I don't know whether you're familiar with it. I did because I had some other books to read in between time and I wasn't sure. I had read the first in the series and I wasn't sure whether I was quite as keen to read the next because there's about five in the series and, but I decided I would but I read something in between time so I just ran out of time but, and I couldn't renew it because somebody needed it. Actually that night I texted Katrina who works in the library because she's a very keen reader as well and I knew that she had a copy, a personal copy so she did in the past say that I could borrow it if I needed it and I said I already put a hold in the library so I'd get that but so I text and she said oh yes I've got that I'll bring it in tomorrow so could resume my reading. I made a cottage pie, no we have leftovers. I'm watching a series called Dexter that actually belongs to Kim and I've been, there's four in the set of the first season so I've been watching them, not really enjoying them all that much, it's a bit slow but I wanted to sort of see the series through. One and a half so I've just got half of the last disc today. Oh turned off the light I suppose, round 11? No comment, no comment, no. Do you want me to tell the truth or just say no? Sorry no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, okay.