 Radio came on at 5.30, usual routine, shower, breakfast, lunch, make lunch. And yesterday my husband dropped me in at work because he had to go down to Manly, so he dropped me off along the way. And I go and pick up the newspapers over at the transit centre, bought myself a cup of coffee at Chez Nous and then came to work, logged on to the usual housekeeping duties of checking printers, turning on computers, that sort of thing. And to commence work we were one, two staff members down, so there was only two of us yesterday. We did lunchtime and in the afternoon Katrine had to go to a meeting, so I was just by myself and fortunately it was really quiet so I was able to proceed with the research project I'd been working on and just dealing with the other enquiries as they came in. So that was it until four o'clock and my husband picked me up. He had to pick up our grandchildren so the girls came with him to pick me up and we took them back to their house at Kelvin Grove until my daughter came home from work about 5.30ish before the rain and before the storm struck. We just entertained the girls or they entertained us while they were there. They're five and seven, very computer literate and unfortunately my eldest granddaughter, her favourite thong's broke so we had to go and have a look on the internet, see where the stockists, local stockists were and what model she would get. We did that. When my daughter came home we drove home via the service station, via the supermarket dinner and read my book for a half hour, watched television for about an hour and that was my day. We have our radio to come on at 5.30, usually wake up a little bit before but I like to lie in bed, listen to the news and then I get up. It's still about the Boston bombing, that was the main story and I like to listen to the weather report to make sure there's a big white door for us and it was going to be 28 degrees with possible showers and probable maybe storms. Yesterday I actually had cornflakes and a cup of tea. Cereal train? No, catch the train. Certainly yes. We still leave home about the same time round about. If I'm going to catch the train I catch the 6.45 train so we left just slightly after 6.30 so it's a good run in maybe about 25 minutes. Well in the city, yeah, then I went and picked up papers and had coffee and so by the time I got in the building it was about quarter past seven. Just the two we get the Australian and the Korean mail and on the weekend we get the weekend papers but obviously I picked those up on Monday. We do, we have an account with them now since the news arrangements with newspapers and with the mailroom closing down. We used to get a routers paper when there was lots of freebies but then they cut back so in view of the fact that we have a lot of people come in that work shift work and like to come in and read the newspaper in the library, our manager decided that we should set up an account which we do, a monthly account. Usually, yes, if I'm, well it's convenient if I'm coming by train obviously I can just walk through and they had them all ready so yes, they're very good. They look after us so particularly when there's a big queue but either if I'm not at work that day one of the other staff members will go and collect them. I'm the first person at work, I actually start work at 7.30, the others don't start till later on so just for me. Yes, well and truly. It does, it depends realistically how long, one was actually having three days off and has been involved in another project so I've been doing a lot of that work so dividing my time so basically attending to the urgent things first and the others just have to fall into place. Yes, same, whatever urgent or what has to be done straight away just do that first and everything else just sort of do it in between. Actually, had time to have lunch so we do have a fallback earlier in the week if for any reason everybody's away or has to go to a workshop or something like that. We do have an admin assistant that we can call on to come and you know sort of just sit in the library just during the time so we can have a bit of a break. No, no and she's only available Monday to Wednesday, we have to fend for ourselves. No, he always calls me when he gets there so I'm not waiting or I'm never sure you know so exactly when he's going to be there but he actually picked the girls up from school and they live nearby so they like to have afternoon tea and change their clothes and then come in and pick me up so shortly after fall. Yes, we actually did, we didn't purchase them, wouldn't dare do that without mum's permission but my eldest granddaughter, she's a bit, we always sort of refer to as Imelda Marcos Jr because she loves shoes and she actually found them. She knew the brand because it was written on the and she knew the size and it was looking at colours and I did try and explain well the particular model may be out of production so maybe she needs to be looking for something else but she found exactly what she wanted and we had a look at the store and had to tell her when we, I said oh there's three stores in town that have them and there was one also at our local shopping centre and my husband was showing how you could search by suburb or you could just put in the postcode so she wanted to know what the postcode of our local area was. She could do it all. Yeah, we got everything except didn't hit that buy now bit, needed mum's approval. I watched the following, the new series with Kevin Bacon. We had grilled, chopped, chipolatas, corn on the cob, carrots, snow peas, lamb chops, no comment, no coming, no coming, no coming, no coming, No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.