 I woke up at 5am and went to the gym. I had my... Oh no, yesterday was Wednesday, yep, yep. So yesterday was my pump class. My friend Kate picked me up at 20 past 5 out the front of my house. I had the day off work yesterday, so normally we leave the pump class at 6.30, but because so that I can get to work, but we stayed right to the very end this time because I had the day off and she had the day off as well. The reason I had the day off was a bit sad. We had a funeral to go to yesterday of an old friend who we hadn't seen for about five years, so that kind of made us feel a bit guilty as well because we hadn't seen them for so long. But it was the wife of an old workmate of my husband's and she had a brain tumour. But she was diagnosed more than 10 years ago and she was given five years to live and she lasted 11 or so, so she had a pretty good run. But the church was packed, it was at St. Columbus, a Catholic church at Wilston, and it was completely full. So we went to that at 11, went to Officeworks on the way home because Nick needed to buy some plan folders for work. Came home, bummed around, spoke with the real estate agent about this other offer on a property that we'd like to buy. Felt a bit depressed about that. I cooked dinner and we watched Braveheart, which I'd taped from a couple of weeks ago on the TV. That was my day. Pretty much, yes. I don't think I slept in for my three minutes yesterday. I think I just leapt out of bed and I got dressed in the dark actually, so I'm trying not to wake Nick up because he had been to hockey the night before and had only crawled into bed at one o'clock. So I tried to get dressed in the dark so I didn't wake him up. Ordinarily, yes, it would go for an hour, but I usually leave 15 minutes early. I missed one track. I missed the shoulder track. So got to do that and then they do some mat work, Pilates kind of thing. So I got to do that too. And then got to do the stretching cool down. So it was actually very pleasant. And nice and rushed. Yeah. And you're never bothered to stretch when you get home. You rush out and that's it. So the routine's the same every week for you pups? Absolutely. I'm always on a routine. It's Wednesday, you're pumped. And did you hang around at the gym after? No, just got dropped home by my friend Kate. She drives on a Wednesday and I drive the other days of the week. So yeah, just regular drop off. And did you have a shower or breakfast? I had breakfast first. I had toast with ham on it, which is one of my standard breakfasts, I suppose. I didn't have cereal. I had two coffees. Yeah, no, that's all. So toasted sandwich and two coffees. Did you do anything? Yeah, well then I had a shower. I walked the dog very briefly. She had a 10 minute walk around the park. Someone was rude enough to phone the dog catcher earlier this week. So I had to walk her on the leash, which is standard, I suppose. I mean, we shouldn't expect that we get special treatment. But the dog is by no means a hassle to anyone. But there's a, I think I told you last week about the coolies that come down. So normally there's four dogs, up to four dogs, sometimes five, racing around, barking, being really happy. And someone called the dog catcher this week. So this week there's been a car sitting there waiting for these dogs to appear. And of course, no one's going to walk their dogs without them being on a leash. So yeah, so anyway, had to walk the dog on the leash. It was a short one, 10 minutes. Came home, had a shower, did some ironing to wear stuff to the funeral and then took off. No, they wouldn't. I suppose they might know where we live because we're right on the park there, but they just were lurking. Probably if we had been down there with the dog off the leash, we would have just been given a warning. So I'd imagine. I guess we do tend to have a sense of it's our park because we live right there. We don't have to, we walk out the back door and we're straight in the park. I call it, I coined a term, fakeridge. It's fake acreage because it's council land, but our backyard opens up onto it and it looks really nice. So we do have a sense of, dare I say, ownership of it, but it is council land and people are perfectly within their right to report us for having our dog off leash. So we'll just, wow. Obviously that must have bothered someone. So someone took the time to call the council. We left home at about quarter past 10. We picked up a friend up the road in Kenmore because he was coming as well to the funeral. So probably pulled into Wilston. So we left Kenmore at 10.20 and pulled into Wilston by 10 to 11, I suppose. It was a nice service. Have you ever been to a Catholic service for a funeral? It was, I felt there wasn't as much emotion that maybe I've felt in other funerals because it was so formalised. And that was actually a safe feeling actually, you know, cause there wasn't, I mean, there was a lot of grief and there were some very sad family members, but maybe for us the actual service itself was a buffer to that grief. So I've never experienced that before. It was really interesting. We didn't, my husband wanted to because Jamie is his mate and he wanted to go there to support him. And I guess cause we hadn't seen them for five years as well, we didn't want to intrude into what was a really personal time for them. And I suggested to Nick that maybe it would be nicer to catch up down the track and he agreed eventually. So yeah, so add that to the to-do list. Sort of, yeah, I don't know. I'm not really accustomed to that. We went, not very many of our friends have actually died except for when we were about 20 and I think three of our friends died all very quickly. So for 20 years we've sort of, you know, haven't had to deal with that kind of loss. So I wish there was, there probably is a book of etiquette on what to do. I don't know. I regret, I do regret not seeing them in the last five years. But it's hard, life's busy. One, two. After you met Sandy, what happened? Yeah, so my husband is a builder. So he wanted, sorry, made the booth make a noise. He wanted big A3 folders to slip house plans into on job sites. So they're black and they have plastic sleeves in them, much like what we might know in an A4 size, but it's for plans. So he got those. Cameron, who was with us, he was the other guy who we picked up to take to the funeral, he bought his wife a Samsung Galaxy tablet for her birthday. She turns 30 later this, or next month in May. But we had to take it home, it's a surprise. And we had to pay for it so that she wouldn't see that there'd been an expense made to their credit card. So we're now custodians of a Samsung Galaxy for a brief time. So after that, did you go home? Yeah, no, no, we went home and had some lunch, just sandwiches. And Nick works from home, so he sort of just got straight back into it. But the day was pretty much a write off. He didn't work very hard. And I think he kind of distracted. And Cameron worked at our house with Nick. So he came on down after he got changed after the funeral. So they just, I think they cracked open a beer at 2.30. I think they were over it. It was one of those afternoons. I think they were feeling a bit melancholy. Yeah, so you're real estate agents. Yeah, it's a bummer. We've still got an option to make a counter offer, which could have every chance of success. You just have to decide how much we're really interested in it. So do you know Anstead at all? Okay. There's just one section of Mount Crosby Road. It's got a huge pipe that runs along the surface. So that's really off putting. You're driving along Mount Crosby Road and it's just there on the side of the road. It's really quite ugly. So that's one detraction to this land. It actually backs onto that pipe. The pipe is, I can't extend my arms. It's huge. It's probably the size of these two booths together, maybe bigger. But you can't see that from the house. But to us, though, that suggests that the land shouldn't be so expensive because it's got this detracting feature. It's a whole lot of pros and cons with it. We'd like to go somewhere that doesn't flood. Yeah. Okay. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. It's two and a half acres. And it's covered in fruit trees. It'd be really, really lovely. 3.09. But like you were saying, it's out. Be beautiful. Oh, is it shallow? It's an old, some of the... Has it got a house? Yeah. So you're living there? Yes. Yeah. Oh, that sounds really nice. I look at Sanford too, but Nick won't. Do you want me to unplug that? Nick won't move. Yeah, I was thinking the same thing. Okay, so yeah, we're going to be fishing right? Yep.