 Yesterday was Tuesday and that is the day that I get up early and go to the gym at five o'clock. So I woke up at five o'clock and left the house by ten past five and went to the gym for my RPM class. I was there till 6.30. I came home, I grabbed the dog and took the dog for a quick walk down the park because there's three other dogs that come down the park every morning at 6.45 and she goes crazy if I can't get her down there. Came home, had breakfast, had a shower, got ready for work, jumped on the bus and came to work. Spent the day at work. I had a couple of meetings, had our IRC managers catch up, did some library things and came home. How much more detail do you want? I left work at five o'clock, went home and one of my lovely sons had cooked dinner. It's always nice to walk into the house and someone's actually cooked a dinner for you. My husband was home too but he's always usually too busy to cook and these kids are old enough to know how to cook so it's always fun. So we had dinner, Nick went to hockey and I watched a new show on TV, the new Kevin Beacon, The Following, which is like an FBI serial killer series that's just started. It was average, it was okay, just average. Went to bed? I did, yeah. I usually snooze for about three minutes but that's not on snooze button either, that's just automatic in-brain snooze. Eight-minute drive, 5.30 every week, every Tuesday, once a week. It was a new release that I hadn't done before because I wasn't there the week before, I'd been away. So different music, I really enjoyed it because you do get a bit over them playing the same music week in, week out. Same people, same faces but only half the class was full. That was a real shock because usually they're turning people away at the door and there were at least half the bikes available. I think it's the change of season that the dark and the cold are going to start to put people off, which is good. Maybe that means I can snooze for five minutes instead of three. No, because I'm always there like champing at the beat. Pretty much, I make myself a coffee first and grab her leash and then it's a balancing act with putting the coffee down, getting the leash on her. It's a new puppy, she's only six months old, so she's a real pain. And getting her out the door without spilling my coffee and then we live on a park. So I walk straight out of our back door into the park and try to not spill my coffee as we go to meet the other dog. She is a short-haired border collie, average. She's a replacement dog. Our old dog, who was also a short-haired border collie, died 18 months ago, so we lasted a year. Then we got another one. I know you shouldn't compare dogs, but the last one was really very, very good and this one is really very, very bad. But that's only because she's a puppy, so she will improve. My husband is, I guess, the leader of the pack, so she responds more to him, which I find a bit annoying as well. They are, and they're coolies. I don't know if you know very much about coolies, but they're a breed of collie and they're just crazy and they're fast and they're not related to each other, but they live, they're all from the same family. And they're just like a little pack of ball, crazy, fast, mad dogs. Loves it because she was one of nine, so I think she thinks she's back on the farm. It's really funny. Yes, I did. I had cereal actually. I had, it's the Uncle Toby's antioxidant one in the pink box. You know, I don't think I did because I haven't been sleeping very well this week, so I'm trying to cut back on my coffee. I know I had cut back today and I think I started yesterday, so I wouldn't have had any more coffee. No, actually, I wondered if you'd asked me that. I actually drive to the bus stop because, not because I'm lazy, but because where I live, if I drive to the larger bus stop up the road, there's more buses that come through that. So, it's only a three-minute drive up the road, and then I just park my car at the shops there and catch more regular buses that come through that feeder stop, I suppose you'd call it. It was probably less than 10 minutes. So, yeah, I just missed mine. I saw it pulling away as I came around the corner in my car. So, yeah, it would have been less than 10 minutes. Actually, I stopped to pick up my neighbour on the way, and that may have been why I missed the bus that I saw pulling away. He was walking down the street to the bus stop that's closest to us, so I pulled over and gave him a lift as well. So, that slowed me down. I got a seat. It was packed, though. By the time we got to Chapel Hill, it was pretty much every seat was taken. It was actually about, strangely, I look at the time every morning when I get off the bus. I look at the time in the bus stop at Roma Street, and it was probably 16 minutes past eight. Nine o'clock would have been the IRC managers' meeting, and that's just where my colleague, who are from web services and geographical information services and statistical services, and myself from library, we all meet with my manager James and just give him a rundown on anything important that's happening and anything that's important to each other as well, so if we think it's of interest. It's not the boring day-to-day operations of what we're doing in our units. It's more what might be of broader interest to the group. What did I say? Web, GIS, James, stats, me, five. Yep, I think. It was actually late, I think, for me. It would have been... No, you're really... I remember the end of the day, in the beginning of the day, the middle of the day, would have been maybe one o'clock. No, I remember now what I had for lunch, thank you, and it was late. It was probably... I had lunch at 1.30 and finished at 2. I had a sweet potato salad that I'd made the night before, so it was leftover, but it was quite delicious. No, I got a bus straight away, home by 5.45. That was great. All it was was a roast. It's not hard to just put a roast in the oven. It was a roast beef, marinated roast beef, so you didn't even have to do anything. You just had to open the packet and stick it in the oven. It was very nice. Oh, the end of The Voice before the following, because it finished really late. It was, I can't stand reality TV, so that was a bit painful to have to even sit through the end of that. Sorry if you're... No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. So are you being recorded too? No, I mean in that interview.