 I woke up at five o'clock to go to the gym. It was my pump class yesterday. My friend Kate picked me up. We went and did pump, came home. The real estate agent came over at seven o'clock and we signed a contract on the property that we were interested in. Not guaranteed in getting it because someone else has already signed a contract on it. We're trying to trump them, which we probably will. I'm feeling a bit more confident today than what I was yesterday. We've offered slightly more, but with no other conditions really, whereas they have to sell their house. So, the house is much more attractive, but that's still not guaranteed. So, we'll probably have to wait a couple of days to find out. So, we signed the contract. She came over at seven o'clock in the morning. That was really interesting because she came over in her gym gear, but it was a convenient time for everyone. We then had breakfast, a bowl of cereal, went off to work on the bus, had a meeting with the corporate records vendors objective for about three hours. That was quite long. Interesting, more interesting when we were conversing with them two way rather than just listening to them speak to their presentation. Cause that's really interesting. The corporate records management unit is coming to my responsibility with the new restructure on the 1st of July. So, I have a lot of learning to do about corporate records. Then worked for the rest of the afternoon. I worked late last night cause I went to QUT at 5.30 for a lecture on radical information literacy by a guy called Andrew Whitworth, who's a lecturer at the University of Manchester. It was a bit disappointing. It was highly, highly theoretical. So, he wanted to take us on a journey through the literature from the 70s to present date of information literacy. So, that was a little bit dull. Didn't really have a good practical application for how our librarians here do information literacy. So, it's a little bit appointed, but they gave us wine. So, that's okay. Caught the bus home at about eight o'clock and was in bed by 9.30. Dead, tired. So, you wake up at five o'clock. What time did you do for? 20 past five, generally. And were you able to do any reading? And were you able to stay for the whole pump classes? No, we always have to leave at 6.30. So, we missed the shoulder track and the stretches. Do you stretch when you get home? I should, but I don't. So, no, I didn't. So, when you got home, was the real estate agent there already? No, I was able to have a shower before she arrived and come down at seven to sign all the necessary documents. It's pretty exciting. Is this the house you were looking at? Yeah, two weeks ago. Yeah. Same one. Very good. Very exciting. Which we won't move into straight away, but we will use to store. My husband's a builder. So, we will use it for storage of copious amounts of building paraphernalia. Okay, so you won't rent it out? You'll just- We'll rent it out, yeah, we will. But we'll have to come to some agreement with our future tenant. There's no infrastructure yet there. There's no shed, there's no garage, there's nothing. So, we'll have to build a shed and then come to some arrangement with the tenant that will be accessing the shed fairly regularly. I don't know if we're... I'm sure you can do that. Yeah, I've done that. That's right. So, after the real estate agent, how long was the real estate? Oh, 10 minutes. It was a very, very quick sign and go. So, you had some cereal for breakfast? I did, I had a bowl of just right. And after breakfast, you had off? I did. I had to drive Nick up. My husband, Nick, drove in last night, the night before to collect... I was at a... The night before, Katrina, who's a librarian, and I were at a different seminar. We went to KPMG. There was a guy giving a talk on forensic investigation of computers and iPod devices. I actually turned out he was a former QPS police officer called Stan Gallo. But I phoned Nick at seven o'clock on Monday night and said, could you please come and pick us up? So, he said, yes. So, as a result, he had to pick up my car on the way. So, he left his car overnight at the shop. So, Wednesday morning, I had to drive Nick to collect his car where he'd left it the night before. So, it was a little... It sounds more complicated than what it actually was. So, you dropped him at his car and then just drove back bus stop? No, the car was at the bus stop. So, I dropped him at his car and left my car there and jumped on the bus. And did you listen to any music on the bus yesterday? I did, actually. I don't always listen to music on the bus because I've never really liked the feel of earbuds in my ears. So, I don't... And I've got not a bad hearing problem by any means. I've even had my ears tested. I don't actually have a hearing problem. But my hearing is pretty ordinary. Like, so when it comes to a conversation in a room with lots of external noises, I struggle to hear. So, as a result, I don't always listen to music on the bus. But I did yesterday. So, yeah. Did you have it on shuffle or were you... I had it on shuffle. It's really weird. I grew up in an era where you listen to an album from start to finish. And our kids, it's just such an alien concept to them. They would never dream of listening to an album from start to finish. So, in actual fact, they're educating us on the benefits of listening to playlists. So, I sat on the bus yesterday making a playlist of cruisy bus music. So, I couldn't even tell you what I listened to, really, because it was just a selection of random songs. So, what time did you... 8.15. 8.45. Well, the agenda said objective would be setting up at 8.45 for a nine o'clock start, but I misread that and I turned up at 8.45. So, I think they were a bit annoyed that we were sitting there waiting for it to start when they were still running around trying to set up their laptop. So, sometime between 8.45 and nine, we started the meeting. Okay. And was it in police headquarters or did you have to... No, it was in police headquarters in the conference room on level five. And it went for about three hours. Were there any breaks? There was a break for morning tea and a cup of coffee, a couple of crackers and dip at about half past 10. So, the start of the meeting involved more of a presentation style and then... It actually alternated between presentation style and then two-way dialogue, because there were one, two, three, four of them, and each one had a little spiel to do. So, they'd do their spiel with their PowerPoint and then we'd sort of stop and have the two-way dialogue. And then the next person to give their PowerPoint and so on. So, yeah, it was a bit of both, really. Okay, so there were four of them at the meeting. How many people were there? Eight. So, after the meeting, did you have lunch? Of sorts, yes. Just at my desk, I had crackers and hummus and carrot and yogurt. And you mentioned you worked late. So, were you just... Well, because that meeting had gone so long, I had like still a day's worth of emails and things to catch up on. So, I was able just to use that extra time just to do everything else that I hadn't got done in the morning. So, that actually worked out well. So, I probably worked till five. So, it's not really late, around nine to five days. And then did you walk over to QUT for the lecture? Yeah, down to Gardens Point. So, that took about half an hour. And then how long did that? It started at six, it went to seven, and then he spent half an hour answering questions. So, 7.30, the actual speaker finish. Okay. And... It was a bit of a yawn. Yeah. Were there many people? There's about 40, I think. Cost $15 a head, I was a bit disappointed. Did not get value for money. Yeah. And was it just a one-off? It's actually the QUT alumni. And are you familiar with QUT? They have different chapters for their different professions. So, this was the information professionals alumni. So, presumably they have a dentist's alumni and a business alumni, presumably. So, this was the, they call the IP alumni. And they do organise quite regular events. It's pretty good actually. Don't get along to them all. But this one looked really interesting. It was just a bit let down. Yeah. It's a shame. Oh well. It sounded cool. It was radical information literacy. And I'm thinking, yeah, cool, radical. Not so cool. Not so radical. Really boring. So, basically you just went straight home after that, did you? My friend Trish is the secretary of the IP alumni. So, she had to help tidy up a bit. So, there were cheese platters and things like that and all the rubbish from the supper, I suppose. So, I helped her pack up that. And then we walked together down to King George Square bus stop and she went on her bus and I went on mine. Did you have dinner when you got home? I had a banana before I went and plenty of cheese. So, that's kind of a valid diet. And then about 9.30? Yep. Now I'm gonna ask you a series of questions. Right. Okay. Did you have... No comment. Did the real estate contract? No comment. Did you have toast? No comment. Did you read a book? No comment. Did you have a three hour meeting in the morning? No comment. 12 people at the meeting? No comment. Did you go to a one hour lecture in the evening? No comment. Did you find the show worthwhile? No comment. And did you go to bed? No comment. Done. Great. Thank you again for all your time.