 So, okay what did I do? Okay, woke up, had breakfast, had a shower, got ready for work, watched a little bit of TV, and yeah, left for work. What did I do? Yeah, got to work, got a coffee. What else did I do? Check my emails, checked any outstanding jobs I may have had, had a chat to some of the colleagues. What else did I do yesterday? I did some reports, had a daily operations meeting in the morning, another meeting straight afterwards. What was yesterday? What day was it, Thursday? What else? Had lunch, it was around 11, 11.30. Just went down to 400 George Street for lunch. Came back, got another coffee, did some more reports, follow up calls, what else? Another meeting as well, caught up with some colleagues again. Went to the gym after work, and then once I finished I helped out another team with some work, and then went and did some shopping after work, got home, unpacked, put the washing on, cooked some dinner, watched some TV, browsed the internet. What else? I don't know, it was about it, fell asleep. Ah, that was about 3.30 in the morning. That was supposed to be, yeah. Two pieces of raisin toast with butter. Usually, probably about 4.30, quarter to five. Just whatever's on, look through the channels and see what's on. Um, what was on yesterday? A lot of information on some of the TVs, on the channels, I think they had news on. A lot about the whole Boston bombings, I know that was on. I think there might have been a cartoon on. I think it was about that, yeah. I do. On average, probably about 20 minutes, 20, 25 minutes on average. No, that's why I leave early, to miss it all. Because otherwise, yeah, about five o'clock, yeah, peak hour starts, and can easily take up to an hour, an hour and a half to get to work there. Um, I think it was about 4.30, quarter to five. So I would have got maybe 10 past five, 10 past quarter past five. And then yeah, head straight down to get coffee. So that was about 5.30. No, just CC'd on a whole bunch of them, really. There was one, actually, that was enough to the correct section to deal with. Um, yeah, it's probably normal, because my section's a lot more like a tier two section. So I don't deal with like the brunt of it. It's more like, after the issue's resolved, then I do the investigation part of it. Um, I made two reports. Um, part of that was a timeline for one of the issues. So if you want to count those reports, you could. They may be about 10. But it is, yeah, a daily meeting. Went down to 400 George for lunch, not normally, no. Um, I have, yes, a chicken kebab with lettuce and cheese, and barbecue sauce, five. I think I got that one, maybe about half an hour, 45 minutes. Hmm, good question. Um, yes, I would have been about 4.30. Um, it depends, usually start around eight, sometimes a little bit earlier, sometimes a little bit later. Um, I try to stretch it out for the eight hour, sometimes a little bit longer, depending on what I'm working on, because it's a lot quieter once everyone goes. So sometimes I'll just put headphones on and just sit there and do my work. Yep, uh, what'd I do? 20 minutes on the bike, uh, 20 minutes on the treadmill, 20 minutes on cross trainer, and just did some weights. Uh, went back and talked to some colleagues just while I relaxed a little bit, then I left. I went straight to grocery shopping, too many, I think. Um, I think it would have been maybe about six or seven. Yep, I got Subway, footlong meatball. Yep, uh, what'd I watch? Royal Pains for a little bit. Um, Castle, How I Met Your Mother. Um, I think that's about it. I think I fell asleep about midnight. It just doesn't leave much for sleep. Yeah, this last two weeks, it's just been killing me. Okay, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Huh, cool.