 I think what day it was yesterday, it was Thursday yesterday. So yesterday I came into this office a lot earlier than normal. I came in at 6, mainly because the prior day I had at home as a sick day, so I wanted to cover off as much as I could. Throughout the day yesterday, I worked through part of what my... I performed two functions at QPS. I had two hats. I performed one of those hats over the other one, which is basically doing an event investigation, coming out with recommendations from an ICT perspective. So a lot of it is interviewing people, trying to work out a picture of what happened over a three-week period. And from there, coming up with different questions, analysing those questions, graphing those out, and then presenting that through to my directors, and then scheduling appointments for more interviewing, which would be done today, which was tomorrow yesterday, and then later into the following week, and then to sort of more at a director level across the service, presenting the findings. So it was a very busy day, and as with my role normally, talking to lots of people, and never reading my email, and I think from memory yesterday, and we normally receive between Michael and myself a lot of email. I think I had 719 unread, but I just skimmed through the subjects and tried to see, does it have an exclamation mark? Is it all in caps? And never answer my phone, because I screen it at my own internal calls, and my mobile as well. So yeah, it was a very busy day, but that's quite normal for our area. What else? I had the intent to leave a little earlier, so I tried to leave by three. It was my intent, it didn't happen of course, and managed to get home by sort of the five o'clock mark, to which then my three kids worked through the evening routine with them. One, my oldest child, has just started prep, and that was her second day back from term, the new term starting, and she was exhausted because she had hockey the night before in the storm. So yeah, she was sort of sitting talking to me, nodding off at the table, so that was quite funny. And the littlest one, who's 14 months, being a climber, noticing a new bruise on her head from where she'd tripped and hit something, goodness knows what. So trying to match objects in the house to where would fit on her. But then that was good, they all went to bed very early, so that was quite good. It meant I get to have a nice coffee at the end of the evening without getting pawed at or questioned. Always very comfortable, which is a nice wrap-up for the day. Which then brings to Friday. Friday, which is it. I got up at quarter to five, and from getting up at quarter to five, noting that it was really dark outside, my middle child, my son, noting with his perceptive intuition that I was awake, decided to get up as well. And he went to wake up my poor wife, who still was trying to sleep because the littlest one is teething. And so she didn't sleep much at all. And yeah, I got myself showered, pulled my son out of the shower, because he just climbs straight in as well, and left the house at about five. So I get up at quarter to two, and I can get out of the house with interruptions by five, so quite quick. And yeah, it's a 45 minute travel time in. I do, I do. Oh, I time it, I time it. It's not, it's actually quite packed. At that time, it's the North Line coming down, so it's a lot of people coming down from the Sunshine Coast. And I get on it a little at one of the last stops, so it's normally quite packed. And then it hits express into the city, which is still 45 minutes express in. But yeah, it's quite packed. I did, I did. Oh, I used to read a book, but I found that I'm unable to focus much in the mornings and read. So I prefer to sort of just listen to some music. Or I've been power watching through the series of Fringe, so that's, which I've been quite engrossed with. A Fringe episode in this morning, so I'm up to the fourth season of that. So yeah, it was quite good. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. First thing I did when I got in was put my bag down, coat off, and logged into my PC, flicked through the emails that I shouldn't read, bring up my task list within Outlook, and just see what I have as a priority task, and then just sort of work my way through priority pieces that I have to do in the morning to what I can put off till the afternoon. I normally then have a colleague from another team come over about half past and sort of beg for a coffee. So I go out, grab a coffee, and then come back and then go through the rest of the priority tasks. Good thing is that my first meeting is normally nine o'clock, so I can get a very big block of time done in that two and a half hours. That one is an operational meeting. It basically covers all the significant events that's happened within the last 24 hours within QPS. And we just walk through, these are all of the big events, 12 staff that attend that, and from all different disciplines, and we just sort of walk through these are the big events. And sometimes I get a lot of work coming out of that. That can be where my reactionary tasks come out of, and I find I get a lot out of that. I schedule an hour and a half each day to go through them. Half an hour is during lunch, but I normally conduct an interview like I did today during my lunch. Yeah, I work my way through them, but it is a matter of prioritisation again. Some of the sad groups that never hit my prioritisation list are the service desk. And I sit so close to them, and they know when I delete their mails. I think they're spying on me. I get paper thrown at me. But no, I do schedule an hour and a half to go through them, and I normally can get a decent amount hit. But by the time I turned up yesterday, they were already at 7.19 there, so there was a significant amount. It's about a thousand a day I get. Reading, which goes back to the, I used to love reading a book coming in on the train. I just do it. I did three. I did three yesterday, and they were focusing on key staff involved in a particular incident. And I re-interviewed one of them again today to clarify some points. That's more. I prefer to do between the one and two. I don't like to do too many in one day. I find that then, because I take notes throughout it and record them, I like to have a much clearer picture of what the person's saying, and I find if I do too many in a day, it blends. Never more than half an hour, and sometimes a little less, but never less than 20 minutes. Or I'll ask them in email just to make sure it's in caps. No, I endeavored to. I endeavored to. It was closer to the quarter to five, to which, yeah, yeah, I endeavored to. Yeah, it was much faster. So that was not by train. That was by a lift. Straight up the M1, so it's a lot easier for me. Sure did. What did we have for dinner? We had a tuna casserole, and my son protested because there was peas in there. My eldest daughter protested because there was corn in there. And the littlest thought it felt great in her hair. No, I don't miss a dinner. We do. We do two stories each night. One they'll pick, and then one either my wife or I will pick. The Older Daddy is the book that is actually part of my eldest's homework yet, but she doesn't know it as homework yet. But yeah, that's one that we read. And the other is a very evil book. It's Grandpa's Old Shoes. And yeah, there is a place for those people that write those books. Because I read it so often, over and over. Yes, we did. My wife and I watched one episode of Hannibal, which was on Channel 7. I believe I was in bed at about 11 o'clock. No comment.