 Well, I got up at 6.40, the alarm went off, then got out of bed and we went for a walk. There's a ridge, it's a 45-minute walk behind our house. So my boyfriend and I did that. Then I got back to the house just before 8 o'clock and I logged on to work because I was working from home yesterday. When I logged on, I started work, made a cup of tea, had a bit of breakfast, stopped for lunch about half past one and had lunch until about quarter past two. Stopped briefly to let the chickens out about 11 o'clock. So then yeah, we got back to work and worked from quarter past two until about a quarter past five. Then we had a percussion group at my house last night, so people started arriving about half past six. Oh, no, no, earlier than that, about five o'clock, the teacher arrived. Then he gave my boyfriend a drum lesson for about an hour. Then we had dinner and then the rest of the percussion group arrived at seven o'clock. We drummed until about half past nine. During that time, we probably stopped for about 20 minutes and had a cup of tea and a bit of chocolate. Then I went upstairs about 9.30, got my lunch ready for work, went to bed about quarter past ten. I watched Lateline on telly when I was in bed and probably went to sleep about 11. Well I actually got up and made a cup of tea and then went back to bed. Yeah, yeah, yeah, we both had our cup of tea in bed and then probably actually got out of bed at seven. Yeah, well up the ridge. Yeah, so it's about 15 minutes walk to the ridge, then you walk up over the ridge and that's about 15 minutes of pretty hard slog and then down and then another 15 minutes back to our house. About half of it is road, so it's bitumen road. The rest of it is like an old forestry road. It's very rough dirt. It's very rutted, got big furrows in it from all the rain we've had. But no, not actually, it is technically all road, but pretty dodgy road, like half of it's not drivable. Yeah. Before? I had some sourdough, just toast with a piece with Vegemite and a piece with peanut paste and just a cup of tea. Two days a week. Yeah, generally, generally they're Tuesday and Friday, but if there's something going on and I have to change the days, then that's no problem. But I would say 90% of the time, Tuesday and Friday. That's right. Yeah. Four. Four. Yeah, yeah. They're all lame. Actually, one laid a huge egg yesterday and I couldn't resist. Sounds a bit ridiculous, but actually the weight of it was 80 grams. So massive. Yeah. Yeah. They're brown chickens or I think they're a cross between Rhode Island red and Mount Isa brown, I think. Yeah. So they're really lovely, friendly chickens. Since about November. Yeah. No, no, no. Yeah, yeah. We let them out sort of around midday and then they kind of let themselves, we leave the door open and they go back into the pen just as it's getting on dark and then we just go and close the door so that nothing dangerous gets in overnight, like no snakes and stuff. We had some nice ciabatta bread and some nice ham and mastum cheese and just a little Greek salad with the capsicum and tomato and red onion and cucumber and feta and some olives. Yeah. And just dressed it with a bit of olive oil and lemon juice and white balsamic. And we had jasmine tea as well. Oh no, just let the computer run on. Yeah. Yeah. Because I mean, it takes an hour before it logs you off. So it's a bit of a process logging back on. So I just let it go. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, I'm writing stories, so it just kind of depends if, I mean, technically my shift is eight to four, but if I've got a role, you know, if I'm sort of halfway through a story and I'm going well with it, well, I'll just keep going until it's done. Or, you know, if I'm editing something, you know, sometimes I will, it's weird, I can have a bit of a slump after lunch and then about three o'clock I'll have a coffee and I'll just power on for another couple of hours. And because I'm always sort of working to deadlines, what's important is actually getting the deadline met rather than the hours worked. So anything I work, I mean, I just take off at a later time when I've got a bit of a slow time. So yeah. Well, I wrote one from scratch and I edited one. And you know, lots and lots of, responded to lots of emails, of course, and had to look through some photographs and that sort of thing. Yeah. There's about seven in the group, but last night one person was sick and one person was away and another person couldn't make it. So last night we actually only had four students and our teacher, our leader, you know. One girl has a djembe, I've got congas and the other two and the teacher are using bongos. Yeah. Yeah, no, it's just something that we enjoy doing. Just kind of, I suppose it's about sort of learning, you know, keeping the neural pathways flexible, you know, just learning new stuff. I don't know, it's just good. A lot of us are actually also in a a cappella choir group together, have been for like more than 10 years. So I guess it's just an extension of that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.