 I was working an early shift so I had to get up way before the crack of dawn. Caught the train into work as usual. Early train I can get a seat which is always good. The day was just fairly busy. Lots of phone calls, chasing lots of things for various people. I think I did get out the door about twenty past two, a bit after two. Then I sort of felt the need for a little bit of, not so much retail therapy but food therapy. Had to get coffee, went down the road and got some coffee on the way into town. Then I went to the little cookie shop, Mrs Fields or whoever they are, and discovered them the other day. I got some little, a pack of five little mini cookies and I wanted a brownie, a chocolate fudge brownie with macadamia nuts on top. Turns out when I got home it had chocolate chips on top, no mac and nuts. I was a bit disappointed on one of the mac and nuts but the little cookies that I had had mac and nuts and chocolate chips in them anyway, so very unhealthy, very bad for you. So I ate those, wandered around town a little bit. That's right, one of the fellas in the office wanted to look at some sleeping bags. So I went into Kathmandu and had a quick squiz at some sleeping bags for him on something small and lightweight, only down to plus ten degrees so it doesn't get really cold. So I had a look in there, they had a sale on until six o'clock last night so I madly sent him a text from the shop saying, come on down, there's sleeping bags here. I wasn't sure what shift he was actually on because it was so busy yesterday, people just turned up and you're like, whatever. He kept going, it was hard to know what shift they were actually on. So I found that, texted him the photo and the price, caught the train back home. Didn't really feel like cooking dinner, but eventually talked myself into cooking dinner so I did that. Then I don't think I even watched much in the way of TV, I think I saw the news. Then I went and played a bit of a game on my iPad, which was frustrating me because it's on difficult level at the moment and it's been difficult. Then I went to bed, it was an exciting day. So you mentioned you were up for what? 3.40 I think it was. So 4.50 train and I wanted time to wake up, get up, gin around a little bit, have a shower, get organised, do all those sorts of things and get to the train platform in time to wait for the train. Don't believe in breakfast particularly. Coffee, I had a coffee. So 4.50 train. Yeah, I call it the tradie train, just about everyone on it's in Fleurau gear. Yeah, it takes about 55 minutes. 6. As soon as you turn the phone on. We work 24 hours a day and the only time it really slows down is the overnight time and sometimes it can be constant then too. No real idea. I think our latest stats tend to average around the 200, 250, 300 calls per day that come into the office. So I don't know how many I would have taken. Per person? No, per day. That's a lot of calls. How many did you do? Yesterday, I think we were relatively full house. So we would have had, but not at 6. At 6 o'clock there's only two of us on. 7, there was one more that came in. 8, there probably should have been someone at 8. One or two at 8. 9, one or two at 9 and one or two at 10. We've got 7 spots so 7 people can answer phones. Depends, we don't put people on hold so much if we're dealing with the person. If there's nothing much going on in the world, the phone may not ring all that much. I think early on yesterday morning it didn't ring that much. Other days you can't pick the phone up and put the phone down without it ringing and then you'll find there's messages. It'll divert to a message service if they can't actually get through. Answering the messages and calling them back means the phone can keep ringing and some days you just get so caught behind if there's a major incident on and everyone's ringing to find out about it. Answering calls, you can't get to the messages and people call back and then you get to the messages and you say, well I've just spoken to that person, have they rung me back again or it's the first time they've rung me or then you're trying to keep the sheet up to date with who we've spoken to and what we've spoken to and what we've told them and a lot of other details. Who's called, what they've... Well sometimes you end up going and had multiple calls from everybody and we told them blah. Lots of times you say chat, this particular one, this one rang, that one rang, you can give that sort of a breakdown but sometimes when it goes stupid you can't log so much. Yesterday wasn't too bad, it was just continual, just constant. Think I did for a few minutes, yes. Yeah, well I just turned around, we've got a central communal desk, I think I just did turn away and sat there and flicked through the paper for a few minutes and ate whatever it was that I ate, which I now can't remember what it was. Oh yes I did, crackers and salmon. The cookies you bought, did you eat them? I ate them. That's alright. No it's not, I shouldn't buy them, they're bad. And who did you go to look for? No, the first shop was a coffee shop. Sleeping bag didn't you? No, he texted me back an hour or two later and said that he couldn't make it in time. No, that was the last one I went to and before that I went to, where did I go to? I went to the cookie shop, I think I avoided Lincraft, yeah there was a coffee shop before that. Do you know what... I think I was 340, 350, somewhere in that sort of range. Prawns in coconut milk and had that over rice and a little bit of fish sauce and coriander and sorted out little bits like that. Do you watch the... No, not particularly, not that I can remember now, no mine like a sieve. Do you watch the... I think I watch a bit of the Channel O news, or Channel 10, whatever it is this week, and then normally go to Channel 7 lately. And you mentioned you were... I was in bed while I was playing the game. I was trying to get a bit early because I had an early start again today, not as early but early. So around the 7, I couldn't be bothered watching TV so I turned that off about 7.30 so I played the game through until just after 9 I think it was. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. I'll stop recording now.