 Well let me recall. Okay, so yesterday was Monday. So I woke up to the alarm and was drastically disappointed that it was Monday morning and I had to get up again. I then slept in another half hour and which meant I was late but didn't care. I then got up, had a shower, tried to tame my hair because I only had it done on Saturday and it decides to rebel every time I have it cut. So there was massive amounts of applying with hairspray and gel and things to try and control it and make me look a little bit representable or presentable rather. I then had some breakfast. I can't recall what I had. It was probably leftovers. I just heated up. I then tried to decide what to wear. I chose the same thing I would normally wear on a Monday. So even though I considered it I still chose the same thing and got in the car and drive to work. The drive to work was interesting as always. People tend to not use their indicators. I call them indicator challenged or IC and I'm thinking of starting a charity for them. I figured there are two different types of IC people. There are those who don't know that the actual indicator exists and so they don't know how to use it or there are those who actually don't have the ability in their hands to extend their fingers out and actually flick the little stick. So there was many of those I came across yesterday which was great fun. Got to work later than I had hoped but say la vie. And then spent the first half hour going through an immense number of emails, service-wide general notifications and such trying to work out if they were applicable to me and they weren't. So deleting a lot of emails and then spent about five minutes trying to remember what it was that I had been doing the week before so I could pick it up and start again. And that was interesting because I had about five different things on the go by Friday afternoon and couldn't remember which one was the most important. Hence the amount of time I had to spend trying to work which was which. I then made myself a tea and then finally decided to actually start working. I believe the first thing I did was identify all of the policy files that I have to have moved from our office to Employee Relations by the 1st of July as part of our QPS restructure. That was necessary but slightly mind-numbing because it involved me going through about 700 plus lines and making a call as to whether or not I needed to look at the file in depth just by the title of the file which in some cases was as useful as oh I don't know something that's really really useless. It really didn't help me at all. I mean we had titles just called Commissioner Suggestion Box. Who knows what the topic was about? We just know it was a Commissioner Suggestion Box issue that I had to look at. So I ended up basically halving the files that I needed to look at. I then spent a good deal of time walking around the building trying to collect money for my manager's farewell gift which I have to buy tonight. I'm buying him an iPad Mini. He is technologically challenged. He doesn't even have a mobile phone so we figured getting him an iPad Mini will both enthrall and horrify him. We figured here he likes watching movies so download movies onto it and he can enjoy it so he's not annoying his wife by taking up the the DVD recorder and the television. He can sit and watch his Westerns in peace. So yes there was a lot of carrying around the little envelope saying did you donate to Gary's gift? Did you donate to Gary's gift? And then the associated have you signed Gary's card? Trying to make sure that everyone who has donated has had the opportunity to sign his card which was something that I was reluctant to do because I don't give cards as part of presents. I tend to give the present and so I only got approached about two days previously saying somebody saying where's the card? It's like what card? What card? What are you talking about? Oh well you know we gave to buy him a gift. We want him to know that you know we we contributed. Oh okay so it's all about you. All right no problem. So yes there was a lot of that going on yesterday and then I had lunch which consisted of I have a meal replacement shake because I don't usually get very hungry at lunchtime. At some point I had to walk down to the bank to get the bank check to buy my car. So that was fun because it was so hot outside and it was slightly scary because when you see the amount of money actually written on the bank check you well I sort of had a moment of hyperventilation and panic because I was about to hand over $36,000 for a new car. So I you know there was a bit of breathing as I was walking back from the bank going oh my god I'm gonna spend all this money. Anyway so I got back from that realized I was really hot and decided to have a can of diet coke and try and cool down put my fan on my desk and was trying to sit there and cool down and try and focus back on all of my work because a good chunk of the day had been taken up with Gary's farewell stuff and yeah that's a good good day. Then I got to drive home in the traffic. I actually got up about 5.30. I actually drive into work I don't catch a bus or a train. I did try the train I tried for a couple of years but I gave up primarily because I had to drive to get to the train station because I live at Redcliffe so there's no train station close to me although in 2016 we will have one apparently. It's been promised since 1898 so I'm not I'm not holding my breath but no the the reason I had to give it up basically was I suffer from motion sickness which is aggravated when people wear like lots of perfume or they smoke or whatever and you know it's a real joyous thing when somebody's had a quick ciggy on the way to the train station doused themselves in perfume and then sit next to you and you can't breathe for 40 minutes so and and then there was the incident with the pet rat. Somebody brought a pet rat onto the train and I decided after that I'm driving. I arrived I believe at 8.30 yesterday. Look at this point in time I can talk in meterage three meters worth and at least half a filing cabinet tall yes and it's gonna be so much fun because it's it's part of our big restructure of course and and I'm kind of glad to be seeing the back of the policy function because it's it's hard to get people you know you you want to introduce new policy so you have to consult and then trying to get everybody to agree or at least agree that something has to happen and then to get it approved and then to actually get it published and all of those fun things so I'm not all that I'm excited by seeing the back of it but yeah it will be there'll be physical movement of files in the next few weeks across tourism house so that'll be fun dodging the traffic yes I felt I felt that it was appropriate to let them choose I had a couple people saying oh what are people giving and I sell five to fifty I've had donations of five dollars I've had donations 50 or I donated $50 because I respect the guy and I wanted to get him something nice but what surprised me was the higher up you go the fewer dollars you get apart from one the rest I've gotten five dollars out of but the the big boss I got I got a bit more out of so but yeah he's actually been my boss since 2006 so seven years and he's been in the organization for over ten I'd say close to 15 years and he's a bulldog in that sense of he gets a hold of an issue and he won't let go and yeah I really respect him because he gives me the opportunity to prove self so I'm gonna miss him no no I bring in little sachets those you know meal replacement things that are supposed to help you lose weight I'm clearly they're working for me but I just find that it's just easier to have those because you can just throw them in the drawer and just pull them out and add water and you're away and I don't really get hungry Ford Focus actually got it today it's sitting over in the parking lot waiting for me to come and pick it up and drive it home so exciting mm-hmm no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment