 I woke up and I did my yoga stretches for my back and then I got my dog out of bed because he's a sleepy boy and took him for a walk along Seancliffe foreshore which is very pleasant. It's nice to see the water every morning and it's quite cool in the morning at the moment so that was quite nice. And then made breakfast, got our lunches ready for Mark and myself, fed the dog, got a shower, got dressed and jumped on the train. Actually I ran for the train because I was running a wee bit late as usual because it's Monday morning, it's difficult. So running for the train, just catching it in time, feeling quite pleased with myself at that point and then frantically doing some reading for university where I was off to that day. So I went to a day of lectures or a lecture, the way that my course is structured it's just one lecturer for a full day. So I did, we had a lot of interaction yesterday, we did a lot of presentations so the way they structure the course is you kind of have to facilitate it or present it yourself as part of your learning process. So you're given a task to do or an activity and you've got to do the reading and you've got to come together with a group and work it out and then stand up and present that in a cohesive way in order to convey the key messages of the learning, so the characteristics of something or and apply it to a case study with work or something like that. So that was quite a useful thing to not only do the presentation but to learn from everyone's stories. So what's quite nice about the course is that you get to hear everyone's story. So there's state government employees as well as federal government employees from different departments so it's quite a nice blend and different, some of us have you know great examples of the thing we're learning about and other people go oh my god we don't do that at all we're just you know rubbish at that or so it's quite nice to hear those different things. It's a very nice place to go to uni, they've opened a new graduate centre at QUT which is on the fourth floor of that lovely old building just past parliament house, there's a really great old building there that they've done up and it's like deluxe inside, it's so pretty and fabulous you know technology and smart boards and all these sorts of whiz-bang things so you feel very spoilt going there and then there's this lovely big wall of windows looking out over the gardens which is very pleasant for those moments when you drift and you have to look out the window and imagine that you're actually hope you know conveying that you're listening or looking busy but actually you're just like oh la la so that's quite nice. It's really nice to go to uni with a group of people that are so interesting again because it's such a diverse group and we've got diverse ages as well, everyone's around the same level like at work but you know quite diverse which is quite interesting. The lecturer at the moment is Dr Liz Mellish for this particular unit and she's inspiring, like just inspiring, it's so nice to be with someone, to learn from someone who not only loves what she does but loves, like is so generous in sharing her knowledge and her learnings and what works and you know just really and getting us to a point where we you know often when you're facilitating something you can actually get people to work out the answer themselves and she was an expert at that so that was kind of nice and you go oh I knew it anyway but I think that really helps with linking that learning to work you know that experiential stuff so that was quite nice. And then I we finished about 4.30 and I walked to the train I probably walked with about a group of a couple of other ladies from the the course and they all dropped off at certain distances and I got to the train at Roma Street Station and caught the train home. I woke up yesterday at about quarter to six I'd set the alarm but then I know I hit snooze so it would have been about a quarter to three. Ah just the one oh it only takes about three or four minutes yeah not long at all. Yeah I do so I do this sideways twist one and I do that one where you pull your knee up to your chest and you're sort of stretching that sort of hamstring and that in your lower back area and that hip flexor stretch where you kind of push your knee away and you stretch your hips up every single morning and night. Ah we walk do you know I think we walk a little bit under like a shade under two kilometers every day together because he has a lot of energy. I like to leave him when I go to work feeling a bit sleepy again. He's a mutt he's a West Highland Terrier cross goodness knows what mum was mum was probably a Jack Russell cross Maltese you know he's a little white fluff ball with a lot of energy he loves it yeah. Yes no toast bowl of cereal and a cup of coffee. I had crunchy nut yesterday. I did I left home I was running late so I needed to leave home at 10 past 7 but I left home at 7 15 so I was a bit pressed. Yeah yeah yeah it was a mad go and ran through swiping my card as I jumped on so yeah anyway they were very nice they were trying to shut the doors on me right here. Ah no I'm at the start of the line so I always get a seat which is fabulous um but it very quickly within about three stations at plane the train is um chock-a-block. It takes 40 minutes pretty much bang on 40 minutes to the city and then there's a 20 minute walk. Started at nine. Yes I was yeah they give us three break so morning tea obviously lunch and afternoon tea so it's quite well structured and and the facilitator or the lecturer was very good at keeping us on time. I did I did with um uh one colleague one um yeah fellow student we got up and spoke together so that was oh we went we talked for too long so we had 10 minutes and I think um you know possibly unsurprisingly I think I we took about 17 minutes because we did get the wind up you know time time but we were like oh we're not finished. I think yesterday they stopped us at 12 15 because it's a hot lunch so they try and make a stop on time so the food's nice you know how the hot food can look a bit manky. Yeah yeah it's pretty you're pretty well taken care of it's terrific. Yesterday was um three different types of salad lots of lovely fresh bread and bread rolls and um you could either or have both or the same thing you could have it was rice and you could have a curry or um a beef stroganoff. I had a bit of both and some apple juice. It did I managed to grab the I think it's a three past five train to Shauncliffe again it wasn't too bad at Roma street but it got to central and it just filled up really quickly. No I didn't take him for a walk we have a game at home like because he's terribly excited because I was first one home but no he didn't go. Oh catch no he's got those um are they called kongs they're those hard rubber things and he because that we could throw that inside the house and it doesn't you know put a hole in the wall so he chases that like yeah no comment no comment no comment no comment no no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment that was really hard.