 Okay, yesterday was Thursday. So I had a sleep in yesterday, which was nice. So I got up at six, got myself ready, and by seven was out the door. Walked to the bus, just got there in time for a bus. Jumped on that and came into work, and from there accessed the case management database to see what was going on, and the injury notification database to see if there was anything new. God, what else did I do yesterday? For the life of me, I cannot remember, but I think I spoke to some guys in prosecution in Cairns, had lunch, which was sausages and veggies and some yogurt, and spoke with Bronwyn about next week's trip to Cairns. That was a very short conversation. Spoke with some of the girls regarding independent medical examinations, and spoke with my manager about a particular one that I was working on. Finished typing that one up and provided a copy to her. She came and gave me some feedback and said that it was good. So then we went and redid some of the questions for that independent. And then I pretty much rewrote the questions, put it on a desk and went home. So I caught the bus home, walked from the bus home, spoke to my friend who was having issues with a girl in his workplace taking photos of him without his knowledge. Yes. Made some dinner, which was what? Oh, it was fish, frozen crabby fish. Brought the sheets in off the line, put on another load of washing, tidied my place up a bit and sat and watched some TV. And then had another phone call with my friend and about 8.30, quarter to nine, went and lay down in bed and tried a new sleep app. And pretty much that's about it. Yep, about 20 past five. Yes. So was there a reason why? Oh, I'm trying to, I had a few bad nights sleep. So I thought if I slept in a little bit more, it would help with the sleep overnight. Yeah. No. No. No. So up at Seacliffe. Yes, I had oats and a cup of coffee. Yes, just pure, pure luck. Whereabouts? Probably about three quarters of the way up the back. That's where I normally walk up towards. Yep. About 25 past seven. About two or three. I think so, yeah. Ah, yes. After a weekend, there's usually a lot more. Yeah. Probably closer to seven or eight. Yeah. Deal with to see if they've been verified by their employer and go back and check throughout the day or the next couple of days. No, they hadn't. Yep. So what time did you check? 12.30. Yes, it was. Which night was it? From Wednesday night. Yes. The whole of next week. Yeah, many times. No, just myself. Yep. Yes, every day. To hand over all of the injury cases from the Cairns region. Yes. Apparently. What time did you leave? About five to four. About five minutes and then I was there. Brilliant. Yes. Can you tell us about the bus? Basically took the sheets off the line, made myself some dinner and tidied up my place a bit. Ah, vegetables. Peas, corn and carrot. You mentioned you were checking. Yep. The human body and a bit of the block. What were they? About, it was about balance and how your brain forms when you're about one year old and how this little girl's right hand side of her brain had too many blood vessels. So she had some, I can't think of the word of what it was, but they had to operate before she turned one because her brain would not be as pliable after that. Yep. Yes, it wakes you up when you're not quite in a deep sleep. Yeah, at a lighter sleep or something, right in the sleep cycle. I don't know. So you head to bed? Yes. Work? I had a really restless night's sleep so I don't know if it did. Yeah. Like I didn't want to get up. Yeah. It wasn't like you were in a sleep habit? No, not at all. So what time did you sleep? Six o'clock, but the phone woke me up at 20 to six. Yes. Oh no. Yeah. All right, so I'm gonna ask you. Yep, no comment. No comment. Did you have pieces of... No comment. Did you catch the... No comment. Weathered... No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.