 Right, what I did yesterday, I woke up at 5.30, I got ready for the gym, made myself a cup of coffee, some oats, watched a bit of the news while I was eating my breakfast and walked to the bus. As I got there, the bus came and I missed the first bus, so I sat around and waited for the second bus, jumped on it, got into headquarters and went downstairs to the gym. Yesterday it was shoulders, so upped the weights to 7 kilos and then jumped on the bike for 20 minutes at the end. Had a quick shower downstairs and went over to work. Put all my stuff away in the fridge and went and grabbed a coffee at Allens, expecting Virginia to be there but she wasn't. What else did I do yesterday? Clearly a very busy day. At 11 o'clock we had a meeting regarding our database and what we wanted and not wanted in there. I had no idea because I haven't used it before. Then I went and had my lunch and we all went out for lunch, so I went with the girls and sat there and spoke with them whilst they had their lunch at the Trans. Went back, had a look at some other files for Northern Region and pretty much went home at about 4 o'clock. When I got home I put on some washing, tidied up my house, watered my plants outside and marinated some chicken. Then I went to the shops, grabbed some birthday cards and Mother's Day cards as well as some food for tomorrow. Had my dinner, had a shower and then watched TV and chatted to a friend over chat on the phone and then at about 9 o'clock went to bed. So you woke up at 5.30 yesterday, did you snooze your alarm or were you straight up? Straight up out of bed. So you get ready for the gym before you leave for work? Yes I do. How did you have your oats yesterday? Meaning? Do you put anything in them? Yes, microwave oats, so they're about a minute thirty in the microwave. Nothing on top? Nope, just nice and plain. You were watching the news in the morning, was that on one of the morning shows? Yeah it was, Channel 7. How long does it walk to work? About 10 minutes. I think yesterday was towards the back. Do you usually aim for one spot on the bus or do you just sit wherever? Sit wherever, but if there's seats up the back I'll make sure I go up there. Did you play Candy Crush or anything like that on the bus? No, I'm not that silly. So you went to the gym as soon as you got into work? Yes. How long were you there? I got in at about quarter to seven and I left there at about 7.30. What type of shopping? I did seated Arnold press, alternating dumbbell press, front raise with the upright row, reverse flys and bent over rear delt row. Did you do a few sets of eight? Generally four sets of eight. And then by the end? Yeah, for 20 minutes. So after that you went up to your desk for a little bit or headed straight out? I went up to my desk, put everything away and then went out for coffee. So when you got back for coffee, were there many emails or was it a day? It was a quiet day, yeah, not a lot. So the meeting at 11 o'clock about the database, how many people? I think there was about eight of us there. And was it mainly you were just sitting and listening because you hadn't used the database before or did you have...? Sitting and listening and asking questions about what the heck they were talking about. Okay, and how long did the meeting? Probably about 20 minutes. And was that the same lot of people that went out for lunch? Was it different? Yeah, the same girls. And so straight after the meeting, was it after lunch? No, it was about an hour after the meeting, we all went out for lunch. And it was to the tram? Yes. What did you order? I didn't order any food because I'd already eaten my lunch. Oh, okay, so you had lunch at the office beforehand? Yes, I did. What did you have? Yesterday was lamb biryani and blueberry yogurt. So you just salad? Yeah. How long? About 45 minutes. So after you finished work yesterday, you did, was it one load of washing? One load. Watered the garden? Yes. Were you marinating the chicken while that was happening? No, I did that separately, did that after I did all those tasks. And what did you... Olive oil, lemon, garlic and paprika. And what did you serve? Frozen vegetables, sweet potato and some pumpkin. Yeah. So before dinner, you mentioned you went to the shop to get... How many have you got? I bought three. So I bought one birthday card, a Mother's Day card and a friend card. Yep. And have they all got to go out? Well, Mother's Day is obviously, say, the rest of the card this week. Yes, they do. Yep. And are they all hand-delivered or have you got to put them in the mail? All hand-delivered. And you watched a bit of TV last night? Yeah. I didn't watch anything on TV. I used the ABC iView and watched Head First from Wednesday night. And what were they talking about? Being famous and how to be famous and what it involves. Okay. It was interesting. Did they have any guests on or something that were... They had Tanya Zayero. Okay. And some girl from Brisbane who wanted to be famous and what she needed to do to get there. And was she going to do anything in particular or she just wanted to be one of those people that... Yeah, basically for being famous. So she wanted to be famous for being famous. So she wasn't seeing... Nope....write a book or... Nope. And her biggest thing to get her to be famous was release a sex tape. Nice. Big aspiration. Yes. She's contributing to society. She's contributing to society. No, that was managers or weird people's ideas. Yeah. She's a manager as well. Yes. And then you headed to bed about nine o'clock last night? Yep. I'm going to ask you a series of questions now and I'd like you to comment. Yep. So did you wake up at five? No comment. Did you press snooze on your alarm? No comment. Did you have oats for breakfast? No comment. Did you go to the gym at 7.50? No comment. Were you at gym full? No comment. Did you have an 11? No comment. Were there 12 people at... No comment. Did you have lamb day? No comment. Did you finish work at 5pm? No comment. Did you buy three car games? No comment. Were all three of them best? No comment. And did you go to bed at... No comment. Okay, all done. Cool. I'll stop the recording and you can...