 Yesterday I woke up at my usual time which is at 4.18 in the morning which I love getting up at that time in the morning. I then get ready for work. I leave at 4.00, well my second alarm goes off at 4.50 which reminds me that I have to pack my daughter's lunch who's 15 in nearly 11 months, yes nearly 16 and then get my stuff for lunch, feed the cats, lock up the house and then I walk to the bus stop. I then catch the 509 bus which then gets me into town at around 5.43. I then walk from the Queen Street Mall down to headquarters, get changed at work and then I have my cup of tea and then I check on my emails and see what's happened. My usual thing is I have some oats for breakfast which are my nice little 90 seconds which I have at work and then I go for a coffee with my usual friend Cameron but sometimes I go with Andrea. We walk down, we get our coffee, we come back, I continue with my emails, I continue with the little project that I'm doing. Yesterday was a busy day. I had a meeting because I had been out of the office for two days with Derek the contractor to make sure that he was on target with the project. I then had to have a meeting with strategic procurement to make sure that they were on track for the second contractor. Then liaised with the second contractor to make sure he was ready to come in today. I had a union meeting so I had to do up the minutes in the agenda and apologies. Had that meeting and then had a meeting with my inspector to make sure they were on track. Got a superfluous task to do some quotes to obtain some items for the office for a number of locations and then sent off emails and talked to them about that. Stayed back at work for a bit over an hour and a half and then eventually got home. Had to race down to the post office and post my assignment for MDP which I'm very proud. Done and raced back home and my daughter was going out to the cinema with a friend and then I was really lazy and sat on the couch. So I sat on the couch and then I waited desperately for my daughter to come home. She got home, we'd done the washing, done the dishes, done some housework and then eventually got to bed at around 10.30. Yep, every day. No, I get straight up out of bed. I allow myself two extra minutes so if I make it for 4.20 I kind of dawdle sometimes and if I set it for 4.50 that keeps me on track to make sure that I'm downstairs in my backpack. I leave my house at five o'clock at the very latest to walk 800 meters in eight minutes so I get the 5.09 bus. Very regimented. I was lazy today because I had presents and food for morning tea so I drove in today. No, I pay. Cross the road, I pay. I don't care. Yep, I just walk. It's simple and then in the afternoons I usually work six to twos but with the project I'm working a lot later so if I can kind of swing a 4.50 I go down to Adelaide Street and get the express home which is 40 minutes compared to 50 in the afternoon. No, oh and then I was texting on the bus and I was yeah I was kind of preoccupied and then I realized it was a stop I was like so I had to jump off and then I sat there and I kept on texting and then I nearly missed my bus home. Yeah, that was fun. I play my games so I play Words with Friends, Chess with Friends, Scramble and Letterpress and then I check Facebook which I don't really go into much. No, there's only about four I had to do yesterday so the other rest are magic delete button, press those and get rid of them and then I save. There was a lot of because they're doing the project I save all the emails and then reconfigure them so I did all that and had a lot of documents that I had to save which was good. Next couple of months so I've been on it now for eight weeks and it's literally turning into a geek is our computer system that we use for our complaint management system which is an Oracle database has been used for the last seven years. It's had some patches done to it and it's kind of worked it doesn't work very well like it works but it doesn't work to the most optimum. With the organizational restructure there is a lot of lines, libraries, forms in the background that we have to change so we can actually get it to talk so we can actually record our complaints. It's very like a simple thing of the change of the organizational restructure and the implication is huge. Yesterday I had three meetings for the project and then I have one union meeting about every two months yeah depends on who turns up but around 10 to 12 so yeah the branch secretary for that so I have to compile the agenda and the items and the minutes and everything. Yes we had to get some quotes in regards to some restricted items which were part of the ASIO security clearance and part of the information management manual security classification parameters and had to get quotes for safes so for like filing cabinets but it was the security classification that we had to look up and research to make sure it fits and then we had to get three quotes and yeah continuing. No no because we got the 15 quotes but then we have to do the logistics of where they actually go into so there's 15 locations throughout the state and then we have to work out if there's stairs if there's a lift because of the weights yeah like they're heavy and that's yeah then you have to get like a hydraulic lift and because it's throughout the state and we're getting it from interstate they outsource it again so it's not a complete quote and you kind of like oh give me a quote yeah it's different. Yesterday I left at 3.40 yeah yeah lunch was I shouted some chips for some of the girls in the office started to eat it and then got called away so I had the discussion with a person who needed some help and then kind of zapped them before I went to the meeting and shoveled them down yeah I went home and then went to the post office yeah yep yeah it was really good Lazy I watched some crud on TV it was I think I actually ended up watching SBS Marco Pierre's My Kitchen Wars because there was nothing on TV. No I made myself some salt and pepper calamari I was very lazy. Nup! Nup! In the oven there you go made some aioli I was like that'll do yeah okay no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment