 Oh well, when I got up about quarter past five and it was sort of feeling cool, I decided to run a bath. And so I made a cup of tea, took an Anzac biscuit, the bathtub was filled and I slipped into there for about 15 to 20 minutes. It's really relaxing. And then I was able to go upstairs then and brush my teeth and get dressed and everything. And I actually managed to get out the door on time too, a bit before 6.30. So I had a fairly uneventful trip in the car to the train station. I met my train buddy and we were a bit quiet yesterday morning but it was all right. And he laughed at the fact that I called him a train buddy and I said I didn't invent that. I heard another friend of mine use it. But anyway, I said goodbye to him at Roma Street and came into work. I had a little police station history to finish but I'd managed to print out all the pictures and I'd put captions on them and laminated them. So that took me probably the good part of a day. But I did stop for lunch. I had some of my mother's wonderful vegetable soup. So I was feeling really healthy after that. Later in the afternoon I needed to have a look at what I'd written and my history and insert some pictures. I asked the boss if there was a dummy's guide to doing this. Something that I could do in two minutes. And no, she spent at least 10 minutes. She had to go early. And I thought, oh no, it's not working for me. I need a bit longer. I need it written down. A blow by blow, step by step, how to. But anyway, I mentioned that this morning to her that I need a bit longer. So she's taken it away to do it herself. Anyway, what else happened? No, that was pretty much the day yesterday. Got home, oh the garage door wouldn't close. Opens readily enough, doesn't want to close. So that means I have to go out with the remote and at a certain point I have to pull on the door to bring it further down. So anyway, but managed okay and got myself into the house. And my husband was not far behind me and he was hopeful that we would go out for tea. But I said, no, what have we got? And he said pie. I said, yeah, that sounds good. So out he goes to the freezer and gets a pie and thaws it. And I turn on the oven and get a few potatoes out. And between the two of us, mashed potato, steak pie with broccoli and carrots and bean. Well, I thought that's all right. And we scoffed a lot. What else? No drinks, no alcoholic drinks last night. But I decided to have a cup of tea, which I don't usually do because it's getting a bit late at night. Otherwise, I went upstairs and put clean sheets on the bed and flicked through the channels on the TV while I was doing that. I watched a range of programs and realized, I think, that Mrs. Brown's sons or whatever that show is called had been shunted back to later in the evening. But never mind. So and then just tried to get my friend on the iPad with our word game, but she must be away somewhere, must have taken a short trip. So we haven't played for more than 24 hours and withdrawal symptoms are beginning to set in now. And then so, yeah, I had seen, I almost forgot, I had seen the chiropractor after work because I had sort of done something to my neck. I was over enthusiastic with my Pilates earlier in the week. And so he said, oh, yes, there is something out there. And he sort of made an adjustment. So and I'd said that I hadn't been sleeping very well. And he said, well, I'll work a little bit higher up on your neck. And he said, you should be able to sleep better. And he sort of gave me a little tip that before I go to bed to move my head from side to side, it's sort of that movement seems to stimulate the nerve receptors for sleeping or something. So I was hopeful as I lay down in my bed, head on pillow, that I was going to go and have a good night. No, no, because I put the dooner on the bed, I was in a little mini oven, I was hot. And then when Laurie did come to bed, he actually snored for the first time in a long time. So I wasn't pleased. And so I think that might take me to the end of that day. Well, I have done it on the odd occasion only because I'd hurt myself at Pilates. And I just find that if I lie in a nice warm bath, it just seems to relax all those muscles and I feel a bit better. But normally it's a shower. But I have been indulging because Laurie's daughter is not in the house. So I can be wickedly nude and downstairs with no one catching me. Yeah. Yes, I should do it more often. But I have to suspect my water rates bill will blow out if I do that. So yes. Yes. Oh, I forgot to mention that I did. I did go and get I had something different. I went into the cafe and I just saw he was doing bacon, egg and cheese muffins. And I don't want cheese. I always think there's enough fat in a bacon egg muffin. And I said, excuse me, can I have one of those without the cheese? And yes, he did immediately took one away and wrapped it up. So I sort of barged in ahead of someone else. I hope they don't mind. But yes, so that's what I had. I hadn't heard that term before. We've been talking for at least probably 18 months, two years. Yes, well, I call him by his name too. But yes, but you know, I've obviously mentioned to someone else that I have a train buddy. No, we were at the same station. That's where we park our cars in the morning and we come in at about the same time, even park side by side sometimes. Try not to read too much into that. He has actually broken up with his long time partner slash girlfriend. No, I'm not looking for another husband. Although this one does have possibilities if I was. We're both at the same star sign tourist, so that would probably make for rather. Yeah, we're on the same page. Yeah. So when you arrived, no, it's Tambo. They're celebrating, I think. Oh, I think 150, the town of Tambo is. So the police officer in charge wanted me to do a bit of a history on the police in Tambo. So I have virtually finished it. So and then I can post it all the way. That's a good question. Somewhere out west, let's put it somewhere about the middle. Yeah, not far from Blackall. And I'm not going to be able to tell you where Blackall is either. But from the photographs I've seen, it looks like a very pleasant place. There's a river that runs through it. Yes. And it seems to be a town that cares about each other and obviously is supportive of their police station. I can tell you the Lansborough Highway runs through there and they do do a lot of traffic enforcement on the highway. They're with their radar. Yes. Yes. So yes. So they can put them up and display them wherever it's going to be after work. I did leave work a little bit early, a quarter to four. And then I just sort of walked up to Wickham Terrace. Bit of incidental exercise, you know, test legs on the stairs and especially up the hill there. And then there's still a bit of an uphill walk. So yes, I thought I'd better do that. No. 15 minutes of that. Yeah. I usually have a regular appointment. Usually it's desk life, computer work, etc. that sort of gets me locked up. But this time it was Pilates push-ups on the bone crusher or the bone breaker, as I call it. Yes. It's a foam roller. I don't know, half a meter long and probably about, I'm going to say nine inch diameter in the old school. And so but you know, you can do various things on it, lie on it and do exercises. You can use it to sort of loosen your ITBs, etc. by rolling on it. But it's very tough because you're supporting yourself. But I was doing push-ups and shouldn't have done it. I was feeling good at the time. But after I'd done it, I thought that was a big mistake. No. Oh no. Just a small pie. Probably enough for three. But we demolished it between the two of us. And Laurie gets it from down the road. I think it's Sid's pie shot. And when he buys me, he always gets about four or five. Some are larger than others so that if his daughter or my daughter appear, then we've got something larger if they feel inclined to pie. It's mostly channel surfing. I did watch something that intrigued me, but I'm just not sure I can put my finger on it at the moment. Yes, I was flitting between, I don't know, maybe one of those CSI or something programs. And then there was some sort of ditzy thing with women and, you know, do I look good in this sort of thing. But there was something else that intrigued me and I just can't put my finger on it. There was a cooking program, that guy in Tasmania. I think he's a chef, but he moved down there for the lifestyle and he was cooking up nettle soup. It's a good thing to do with stinging nettles. We may all come to that yet, if Mr Newman or whoever, or maybe Tony Abbott has his way. We'll all be foraging out in the garden. Let's not plant veggies, plant nettles. Nettles and potatoes. Comment?