 Ah yes, woke up. In fact, I think my alarm clock is starting not to malfunction. Made this awful squeak. So I turned it off and just lay there for a few minutes actually, contemplating getting up. And then I eventually did. Went downstairs, turned on lights so I could see what I was doing. Filled up the water cooler with water. Kettle. Made sure I had a warm glass of water and then I made myself a cup of tea. And then I sat down to see if my friend had played her word game so I could respond. I'm ahead of her by a few points at the moment, but we're pretty level pegging there. Then, oh yes, I'd finished my cup of tea. I got my bag together and my vitamin pills and lunch or whatever. And then I went upstairs to have my shower. Opened the curtain slightly so I could let a bit of light in without natural light, without turning on the light. And headed for the shower. Brush my teeth, do my hair, get dressed. At the moment I quite like to have the bathroom window open even though it's a little bit cool. But after I've had a warm shower, I don't really notice it. So get dressed and then kiss my husband goodbye. He's asleep, but I'm sure he will notice sometimes. And then sort of pick up all my gear and head out door, or to the garage anyway. The garage door is playing up a bit. It sort of goes down a bit and then goes back up. So I grab Laurie's golf stick and then with the remote in one, I'm standing there in that. Then I hook it and just get to that place where it sticks and just give it a little bit of a tug so it gets down. And then I can get back into the car and toodle off to work. But I had a good run yesterday in the car. There weren't too many other trucks or anything holding me up. Get to the station. I'm even ahead of my train buddy. He comes in after me. And we get on the train together and chat. Chat about all sorts of things. Whether it's old boyfriends or in his case old girlfriend who's decided to ring him up and chat to him. But anyway, so it takes us that bit over half an hour to get to work. And so I say goodbye to him and wish him a happy day. Get into work. Sort of picked up my usual pikelet and jam before I get there. And I'm awfully predictable. So I managed to have that before I opened the front door because we've got a work experience student and he says he's there. He'll be there at quarter nine. So I make sure I open up and I think he gets there before then. But anyway, so I get him started on what he needs to do because Lisa's just a little bit late. But the job is all set up for him. So he's quite happy. And one of his teachers from school actually comes in a little bit before ten to sort of see how he's doing. So he's mostly been helping the curator with a lot of work. So I don't need to worry about either of them. But I'm doing research. I'm writing a history. And so but it seems to me that people are ringing up all the time wanting to know about other things. I think there's a conspiracy. They're not letting me finish my history that I need to write and send out to my client. I have, before I know it, it's lunchtime. I've decided to have vegetable soup. I don't hang around too long. I get back to my desk. In fact, I do have a group that I need to talk to. In fact, there is a wayward group that comes into the museum. Some teenagers that seem to be all over my mannequin. So my work experience student is getting a bit overexcited because he knows they're not to touch the mannequin. So I'm then forced out to the museum and reprimand them. But anyway, they're not staying long. They're sort of going in for a tour of the watch house. So they'll they leave the museum a little bit later. But my group comes in at 1.30. And so I then chat to them for about 40 minutes. So I show them some gruesome photographs and they're suitably impressed or some don't want to look, which is fine too. And then they then have a look at the crime scene in the museum and depart probably about 20 minutes later. So by that stage or a little bit longer and I can make a cup of tea. And I leave work at about 4.30 and catch the train home. Yes, it is actually although I half suspect it's on its way out because whenever I press a sort of top button there, it's meant to show me the time and it doesn't seem to do that anymore. So yes, it might be time to look at a new alarm clock. But yeah, generally I do wake up before it unless I happen to sort of doze off again. And then I had but then I'd had a bit of a doze. So I've got it set for about 5.15. Yes, yeah, it's actually one that's, you know, connected to the electricity. So it's got two, it's got one area that's just room temperature and one area that cools, but it all goes in through the top, you take the lid off and fill it up. So it must divide itself, it must just cool in one part of the tank. And really the weather's cool, though I never sort of drink cold water, but my stepdaughter likes a cold. Yeah, she fills up from that side. Yes, I do. Yes, yeah, I do just halfway just so it's warm. So it's one way of ensuring that I at least get one glass of water in the morning before I have things like tea or something. So yeah. No, she hadn't actually. I think because you know, she's in New Zealand, it's now only two hours difference when it's three hours difference. She usually has, but sometimes I get lucky in the mornings, especially in the weekends, because I sort of don't look too early, then I'll get up a bit later. So but evenings are quite good because sometimes we're on at the same time. And no, yes, so we yes, a little bit of tag there. So yeah, no, we're good. One game is fairly close to the end. I if I'm lucky, I'll beat her by a few points. And the other one we're about halfway through. Thank you. The last week actually, probably from the beginning of the week, I've sort of thought, I hope and then it just doesn't seem to be getting better. It seems to be all right opening, but once it's open to close, it's not happy about four days. In fact, my husband, when he came home, he said, we've got a ghost in the garage. It keeps moving the golf club. So when I'm on the outside managed to get it down, I just sort of scoot the golf club in inside the door. And he sees it, of course, when he goes out. So I think he's going to look and see if he can fix it. So it doesn't sort of just stop about a foot down from the top. Yeah, yeah, basically catch the same train. Yeah, I cross the road from the transit center. Yeah, yes, yes, I used to do fruit scones, but I found they just were a little bit dry and the pikelets, I get a bit of jam with them. They're probably a little bit put too much jam in, but I'll just take a bit or something. And yes, I'm sure I should be eating something more nutritious. But at the moment, I'm happy with pikelets and jam till I get bored. They're in just for this week. So it's his last day today. Yes, he's a bit young. He's only 15, but he's definitely six foot tall. And he has Asperger's. But when he speaks virtually bursts out of his mouth, you know, it's loud. But he's got a wonderful. I think he's quite good with visual thing. I asked him, he sort of likes gruesome movies. And I said, Oh, that's not for me. But I do like enjoy watching Doctor Who. Wow, he can draw me all the variations of how the dialects have changed from beginning to end. And Cybermen as well, how they've modified over time and the various Doctor Who programs. So he's busily with his pencil case drawing and coloring in. Yes, yes, grade 10. Apparently they do it every year. I think we were hoping for someone that might be in year 12. But we're finding enough for him to do and helping and he has some computer skills. So that's fine. Yeah. Yes. No, he just came in for the week. And I think the boss found out that we should have actually gotten a sheet that that we needed to be working to so that Luke covered various aspects. I think it's a bit late in the week to be finding that out. Yes, there were people, you know, ringing up querying this, that and the other and or, you know, someone might want to make a school booking for the museum. And so I just seem to be taken away from that. But I must admit that one of the staff members was away sick. So, you know, then they could have shared the answering the phone. So, oh, there's probably about five. Yes, yes, you know, one of the school bookings had come in through a police station and then got directed into headquarters, then came into the museum. So roundabout route. But anyway, I think we've got them booked in for later this month. Yes, it's about a crime and how it was solved. So yes, we do have some pictures from the crime scene. I do, I do have a picture of the crime scene. I do warn them before it comes up, make sure that when the images which are just handheld go round that there's another not so gory one on top. So at least their neighbor has a choice of whether they want to peek underneath the elephant. Yeah, yeah. Okay. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Okay.