 Yesterday, well I got up at about 10 minutes past five, took my mug of water downstairs and topped it up with something warm and drank that. But then I also headed off to the laundry and I actually washed some clothing. I'd sort of run behind the previous weekend and I need to be up to date before this weekend. So while that was washing I went back to the kitchen and then I made myself a tea. I sit down leisurely for about 10-15 minutes and then I play words with friends, with my friend overseas. But somehow it was just all too difficult. I thought no, maybe I haven't got time for it. And so left it at that, looked at the emails and then went upstairs to have a shower and came down, found I was running a bit behind schedule but never mind, went out, hung out the washing, took the laundry trolley out. I'm sure I wake the neighbours because it rattles over the brickwork and left the trolley strategically near the back door so that my dear husband would see it and know to get washing in if I was a bit late. And he did. So yes, just got my bag together and lunch and rushed out the door to the car. And then it takes about 30 minutes to drive to the train station but didn't have any problems with traffic. It all flowed quite well and managed to meet my train buddy at the station and got on the train together. We sort of generally always sit together and just chat about what's been happening in our lives. And it was his birthday so I wished him a happy birthday. We're both the same star sign so it explains a lot of things actually. Very similar. So he needed to get off a little bit earlier instead of going into the centre of town, meet some boss. So I carried on but I always have a book with me and so I have a little read. So my favourite at the moment is Alexander McCall Smith, The Limpopo Academy of Private Detection. I always feel when I read one of his books you may as well be meditating. It's so relaxing and wholesome and kind even though there are sort of slightly nasty people in there somewhere but they generally get their comeuppance. So train arrives near work at about quarter to eight and because I haven't had breakfast I generally go across to the cafe across the road. And lately I've been getting just pikelet with jam, no fat. I know it's sugar but I'm not allowed to have too much fat on my diet. So I then toodle off into work and I'm usually the first one there so I sign in the board and unlock the place and turn lights on, check my emails. But I open up the computer and then I sort of heat up some water and have some warm water and have my pikelet with my vitamins, all the things I need to keep me in tip-top shape as an ageing person. And then I'll just sort of look at my emails, see what's there and once I've finished my breakfast I'll wash my hands, get back to my desk and if I need to action any of those emails I'll do that or carry on with my research work. So virtually my research work, answering any queries, the telephone and then lunchtime comes up. Yesterday I had particularly brought in lunch instead of buying it. So there was some leftover satay stir fry with rice, it wasn't too bad. I ate that and by the time I'd heated and sat and had a little read then I'd just have half an hour for lunch and get back to work and carry on. So I had someone ring me up querying something but it would have been nice if that person actually turned down the loud TV because he thought his hearing aid was not working well and I had to repeat myself a few times but I sort of thought, alright. He then hands me on to his wife and so I managed to have a conversation with her but the TV is still on in the background but we managed to sort things out so that's good. So yes, I finish work about 4.30, catch the train home and find that my dear husband as usual is incumbent, horizontal on the lounge having a little nap. The teacher, he comes home early but he must be getting to that stage in life where he needs a nap. So I check my emails again, find out that I've got a quote about a new kitchen but just wondering if I'm too late to take up the offer since there was a deadline on Tuesday night but perhaps things can be renegotiated. My husband and I make firm plans to visit IKEA and look at their kitchens but there are some sort of ups and downs about that so whether that will involve more input from us and getting trades people in than rather getting a package kitchen all done. We just, yep. I'll ask you some questions now. Yes. Yes, generally I do. Sometimes I'm sort of generally awake before then. I sort of hang around till the alarm goes. Sometimes I doze a bit but yes, I'm usually awake and I just wait for it because I think I need my horizontal time. Yes, there's only time for one. Yes, yes, just no, just one, just one. Well, actually we're both pretty even. Although I do go to that Scrabble Word Finder site especially if I'm finding it a little bit difficult or sometimes if we start a new game and I've got them and I'm feeling a bit lazy I'll go to that and see what it comes up. So yes, but yeah, I go to the Scrabble Word Finder site just to get a bit of an idea but if I go back to the game then depending on where I want to put that word that changes so you know. But yes, that takes about 30, 32 minutes as well. Yes, yes, we got to know each other because at the station that we catch the train from there seemed to be a bit of a problem. The person making the announcement at the station had an Indian accent, could not work out what she was saying. So he's got a bit of a dodgy knee and so I said, perhaps it's best because we're up on the bridge. We might just watch and see which platform the train's coming on and then make a dash down. I think there were a few complaints from people. They couldn't understand this woman. So she is on there occasionally. They must move them around but we did manage to catch a train. Yes we have. Yes. Well, since it's during the week, there's probably about five or six. You mentioned yes, it brought you lunch. Yes, I am a bit lazy. Well, it depends what we've had for tea the night before, if there's leftovers or not. And if there are, then I usually take leftover. But yes, I was lucky. Brought leftovers but I do buy lunch. Yes. No, I can't. Depends if I've got an appointment somewhere else, a medical appointment, I might finish a bit earlier. Usually, maybe four or quarter past four. I noticed now that when I sort of am driving from the train station, it's getting darker. And if I leave it too late, then you know, you're in with a lot more traffic. So it takes a bit longer. So maybe I'll finish earlier. I've been tossing up actually starting earlier, perhaps waking up earlier and getting maybe a bus on the odd morning, a quarter past six bus. No. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Okay. She's been panting, it's morning. No comment, no comment.