 To tell the truth, I woke up at a normal time and staggered to the kitchen. I think, oh God, oh God. I had this pounding headache and starting to sweat with it. I thought, hello, my daughter's brought home that wog that was going around her office. So I woke up, my office was fed around, so I took the day off. And consequently the day was spent reading the paper and dozing in between paragraphs. Then I had lunch. Then after lunch I got onto the computer and did battle with the iTunes. And I was actually successful with iTunes for a change too. I sent a couple of updates through on my devices. Oh, this is great. So I put them in and lo and behold the problems I was having with them disappeared. I was amazed. And that was all going very well and I went outside and talked to the dog. Then she got sick of me and she just sort it off and flopped down in the sunny spot. So I thought I'd give that up and went back inside and read my book. By that time my daughter was home. I've sat in my house the entire day so I just kept reading my book. So that was my whole day. It wasn't very exciting at all. Oh, the evening, yeah, well, propped up in front of the TV, I properly dozed off. And by then the credits were going off the screen. I said, oh, I've got it. I taped it. I'll probably watch it again tonight. Don't ask me what it was. It'll be there. It's six o'clock. I think it's about past eight, nine o'clock. But I knew Virginia would be there. Yeah, I just waited until I knew somebody was there. I usually let those things go their course and most times gone by the end of the day. But rarely if I do get one for the guys the second day. If then I know it's serious, I better go. Yes, I did actually. I had eggs Benedict, you know, something with something sauce and something bread, some little fancy bread thing that big. Plonk all that on top of it. Oh, and bacon. Bacon as well. A nice breakfast, yes. Yeah, it takes a little bit of time to prepare, but other than that it's great. Oh, yes, yes, I had my cup of tea, yes. Can't survive that without that. Just a curry meal. Just flipping through it. Don't ask me what was in it because I have no idea. There's nothing there that really grabs me except that this retiree should work longer. Hell, heresy. Cross that out. Yes, yes, it's delivered. It's usually there by the time I get out of bed. It's great. Instead of sitting there dressed and had breakfast and you're still waiting for the paper to turn up. It's not real good. Yep, yep, yeah, just a little bit of relief from the headache. Yeah, no, it's a nice day. I passed 12, I think it was. Some Thai meatballs, you know, soy sauce and vegetables. Whacking them in the microwave and it's done. No, no. Hell, outside, that's all bad. Insects and all sorts of things. Yep, true. My iPod shuttle, shuffle, and the Dano, the next one. All good after that. Actually, I've got the voiceover on the shuttle, or shuffle. So I didn't get that little button you can push on it and it tells you what the song is and who did it. It didn't work on mine, did it? The update fixed that. And then the next one up, the Nano, it wasn't syncing. It fixed that. Quite chuffed. Ah, no. Pretty much got much more of what I want. Very old style, old foggy stuff. Stuff I grew up with. Yeah, yeah, well, I just put all the noise on the little one. And the music videos I put on the Nano. No, no, I keep my Nano to myself at after work and I don't really bother with the shuffle either. Usually at home. So I like to sit on the bus and look at all the sheep with their earphones, heads down, their fangs be thumbing. Oh, five minutes. Yeah, oh yeah. That Kelpie. Oh, gorgeous. She loves ball. She's 13 this year and she still leaps into the air like a puppy, but she doesn't do a double somersault and a half pike on the way down. She just sort of leaps up, grabs it, and comes back down again. She still loves a game of ball. Goes on and on. No, no. Quite often it'll go too far away and she'll say, oh, I don't feel like getting. Human, go get my ball. But she won't. She'll just sort of sit there and look at it. I don't know what the problem is, unless it's near her poo corner and she doesn't want to go near there. Half an hour, down three quarters of an hour. It's a bit juvenile. You know those assassin books? Those, they call them Assassin's Creed or, yeah, one of those. It's interesting, but it's not riveting. I can put it down and walk away. It keeps me occupied, but I've got nothing better to do. Oh, I nearly finished. I'll start hunting around for another one. I'd only go through one, perhaps two chapters on a weekend, but I've got plenty of time. But after work, when I get home after work, it's probably a chapter, 14. Oh, yeah. Well, yeah, a little bit more time. Sort of not real interested because it was boom, boom, boom. And I was still running a bit of a temperature, but that broke in the middle of the late afternoon. Oh, I see. After dinner, yeah. Very rarely would I turn it on before dinner. So usually I just go and press all the buttons to get it started while I'm dancing around the kitchen with tea. And I'll prop myself up in front of the TV. Yeah, with the dinner, stuffing it in my face. Dinner? Oh, what was it last night? It was sweet and sour, no, no, it was chicken and, braised chicken and almonds. Oh, it was probably 7.30 report or something. It would have been close to the end of that by the time I did fade out, but I'll catch up with the time. Not really. I sort of mucked around and I got one of the biggest houses in Queensland. By the time I get some bum off the chair, get around to the bedroom, there's about three quarters of an hour and a half has gone by. I've got no idea what I do in that hour. It's incredible. I'll just write it down one day. I'll probably pick up this and put down that and all that needs doing. No comment. All done.