 on dangerous going and asking me what I did yesterday, I remember what I did this morning. Got up, murdered the alarm clock and then sort of flopped back on the bed, wake up an hour later. Then I just sort of rushed around like a mad thing having breakfast, getting dressed and heading out the door. Unfortunately the bus came on time, a very rare occurrence, but every managed dog seemed to want to catch it. You know what it's like don't you? Nothing worse than standing there with your arm hanging up and somebody besides you's got their arm hanging up under one of those handles and they haven't bathed for months or so. Anyway, what did I do? I got to work and worked my little tail off. Can't remember what I did exactly, must have done something, because obviously I was busy. I was just general museumy stuff. What did I do? Oh yes, I was chasing up this woman who made a request and told us that this bloke was a police magistrate and he was in Normanton and he was 1874 and he died in a bus, died in a duck shooting accident. Do you know where he's buried? That's what she wanted to know, do you know where he's buried? We know, he wasn't even a police officer, he just happened to be the police magistrate, which is completely different. Police officers, possibly, not always, the police magistrate, he has got nothing to do with the police, just happens to share that name, police magistrate. Well, hell, we know where he was buried. Anyway, I sorted that out, don't bother us, go somewhere else, she sorted it out, hopefully. And then, lunch, I had Greek meatball, Latin salad, it was very nice, too many, those little baby spinach leaves, they were a little bit too much. Then the afternoon, what did I do the afternoon? Oh yes, I fiddled with my times for retirement, I've got to have a complete list of all the dates I'm applying for leave for, they say that was a little drama. And then I played with the Bundaberg and the Stuart staff list, then Rean arrived, and that was sort of the end of the day. It was her, all the rest of the afternoon, talking at me, not to me, at me. She's a nice enough lady, but can be very weary. Then I went home, doesn't sound like a big day, but you know, it sort of, once Rean's there, it sort of elongates. I got home, I had a beer, I had tea, that was sweet and sour rice, then I sat down and caught up with a few of my programs that I've copied, then got on my computer, and I'm sorry if I did, painfully slow, and then I went to bed at six. Yeah, I've done that before, I did think I'd learn, but I sort of just flopped back on the bed, that was it, another hour. No, I didn't panic a bit, I've got past that age now, I was thinking, no, look after yourself first, they can wait. So I did. Yesterday morning it was cereal and a slice of toast and a cup of coffee. And I chewed it properly, swallowed it, but I didn't dilly-dally over the newspaper for a change. Yesterday that would have been 8.16. No, yes, it would have got the one at either 7.59 or 8.06. See, they're usually all very busy, I don't put enough buses on, even though they seem to run every five minutes, they're always packed, depends on what traffic's like, but it's usually about 20, 25 minutes. Somebody's smelly armpits thrust under your nose, yeah. Oh, no, once we start offloading passengers, you can usually slide into a seat somewhere. Yes, actually. Yeah, just before 9. I prefer days where I'm moving all the time and you look up and say, oh, is that the time? That sort of day. This sort of felt like that yesterday, yeah, getting grossed in things. 12.45, yeah, not allowed to take any less. I've sorted it all out, but I've put it on my computer and I've got to almost to the end and it tells me that can't calculate leaves longer than 12 months away, so I have to take it all off again, put it to one side and do it at the end of June, because then, by then it'll be 12 months so I can actually apply for payment. I don't know why they do that. You must know people are going off on leave and it's going to be more than 12 months in advance. Oh, yeah, yeah, well, I'm just planning to get out of the place. Mr. Hamilton has left the building. No, I've got about six weeks. Hang on, 25th of July, when's that? That's, yeah, it's about seven weeks away. Oh, yeah. Yes, well, as the time goes on, I thought I'd be doing cartwheels by now, but I'm starting to think, gee, what am I going to do? Dad was the same. He reckons he didn't know when he found time to go to work. I think that's what will happen with me too. I'll try to finish it before I leave, but it may never be looked at again. It just depends on whether somebody wants the Bundaberg staff list or the Stuart staff list. I'll do all those to a point where I can't do any more. That means it doesn't mean that it's finished. There's other names I've got to find after that. They've got to be provided from HR. 1645, no, no, I've got you that following. I sort of lost the thread with that and now I've just picked it up again. They just tape every week they're on. I just don't catch up with them. But now I have. R2, I really don't know. It's just painfully slow. I think it's actually a bit of both. It's that little blue circle spinning around, gurgle things, it just goes on and on. And then all of a sudden it just appears. I've got to be jacked up for that after about an hour. I gave up. About 11, 11.30. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. I think you're done. you