 I woke up late, had my breakfast, got dressed, got ready, went to work. Grumbled and muttered to myself the whole time I was on the bus, walking down to town. When I got to work, what did I do when I got to work? Oh, turned my computer on, sat down, just thought about what we've got, had a look at the messages, sorted all them out, then got stuck into a staff list, which is mostly computer work, poring over lists. We work, that's the general work of the museum, so we've got all these lists and names, etc, to sort out. So I just spent most of the day working on this, it was just taking information off one screen and adding it to a list on the other screen, vice versa, make sure it's all correct, and just plugged away at that all day. And then, well, that took me to lunchtime. After lunch, did pretty much the same thing until Lisa, the boss, called me in, because I seem to be a bit of a guru when it comes to cars, and she showed me a photograph, and I said, oh yes, that's FC Holden, blah, blah, blah. Even got a couple of printouts for her. And then she came up with another one, that was the whole afternoon gone. So I had to go and find out where this guy worked, and it looks like he's one of these police officers that never went anywhere, he went to the front of Roma and then Traffic Branch, and that's where he stayed for the rest of his career. And that was a little bit of fun, because it's in our database for the gazettes, we've got it from 1864 up to 1947, there's the gap, 1977, right through to today. So he wrapped a work right in that gap. So it's just flipping through the gazettes page by page until I found out where he was and when he got promoted, etc. Then she showed me him sitting in a motor car. Do you think I could know quite what it was? It was awful, it was just an old car, it was supposed to be 1947. We worked in 1947, he was in the Traffic Branch, so why would he be out in the bush driving this car? And we couldn't work it out, Lisa and I, so we were poring over old photographs, and some of the details we could see was, I don't know whether you know, but Ford didn't always have the Ford badge, it had a sort of a crest sort of thing. We could see that on the bonnet, but we couldn't work out quite what it was. Then Lisa got the jack of it and she said, I don't know, we'll put it on the net and see what happened. And we came back with 198 answers, what it could be. Most of them seemed to agree on the one thing, or the two things, one could be Ford Mercury, and the other could be a cut down Ford Coupe, and cut down from a sedan and made into a ute. We were still poring over it all this morning. That was my day. Then I went home, had a beer, sat down, watched TV, went to sleep in front of it, got up, went to bed. Six o'clock, seven o'clock. I thought I did, but obviously I didn't, because I have two alarms in my bedroom, and one sort of just after the other one, the first one, but the second one didn't seem to go off. First one, no, no, no, neither of them did. Just sort of, I slurped and said, what's the time? Looked for, watch, oh, off I went. No, no, it just took my time, and I've got that stage in life where they'll work it out without me. So I just wandered down, had breakfast at a normal time, had a shower, got dressed, and I was about 10 minutes late after my usual bus, so it wasn't that bad, it's all right. Do it again. Two, Vegemite, yeah, Vegemite, butter and Vegemite. Oh, no, tell a lie, one was jam. Yeah, one was jam, one was Vegemite. Oh, it'd be about 10 past eight, I'd say, and I got down there in time to catch the 20 past bus. Oh, 20 to 30 minutes, depending on what traffic's like. Oh, I don't like the drones, I just sit there and look out the window and watch everything going on, and see all these heads down there, and all, think you poor people, you're a slave. So, yeah, I just watch the scenery go past. Ah, no, no. I don't know whether it's the preferred side, but I always seem to wind up on the driver's side going into town, and then on the driver's side coming back out again. So consequently, I've got a lot of skin cancers on this side of my face, that I haven't. It's something I do, just, if there's, obviously if there's no seats on that side, I'll go to the other side, or I might wind up standing. Most times, I just sort of plop myself down on the driver's side, I just, you know, something I started when I was going to work for the first time, I suppose, back when I was a wee lad. No, I always catch the bus. I'd have, it's a full bus trip down, I live at Holland Park, and there's no trains there, the nearest railway station is Coorparoo, so it'd be a bus trip down there. So, it defeats the purpose. Ah, it got me into work, I suppose, just after nine, I think it was. About five past nine. Well, they don't offer me, they're just a sort of a global thing in the museum, and I'll do that one, and I'll do that one, oh, I know about that one. And you just pick and do them, and tell the others what you're doing. But generally, Virginia seems to pounce on them first, and that's just a much better job than I. But, it's just the way we do things. That's over and above staff list, which is pretty much a full-time job. I've got about three done. It's been an ongoing project of mine. It's gone everywhere I find time, but it seems to have taken over my life. It's just a continuing sort of thing. I've got three staff lists on the go. I've got Stuart, Bundaberg, what's the other one? Oh, Winton. Yeah, if I can get onto the database, there's a police officer there that sort of hogs it. They've got a far more important project than mine. They're supposed to be putting all the names of every police officer they've had since 1864. So, I think I'll let her do it. Oh, no, we're not together, we're just desks side by side. She talks at me, and I talk back at her. Other than that, yeah, she's got a heart of gold, but she has little short views. You've got to tread quietly around her. No, it's two separate lists. Yeah, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 12, 4, 5, well, there about. No, I'm a bachelor, and cooking is a foreign concept to me. I get my Lece to feed me. So I just open up the bag. Oh, yeah, that's great. I'll have some of that. Yeah, it was a chicken and pasta salad, and a, what the hell was it? Oh, one of those little fruit, apricots and pears type fruits. 1645, that's half for every day, 2007 when I came back off rehab. Yes, I watched the end of the ABC News, and then I dug out my George Gently, well, I've recorded all the George Gently, and Lece wants to talk to me about it, but I haven't watched him yet. So I've got to go, I've got to watch two episodes, they're an hour and a half long. Yeah, I ploughed through them, and now I've got to do is remember them. Lece wants to talk to me. Yep. I learned a long, long time ago to record everything I watch. Otherwise, sure as shot, I'll wake up, the creps tape everything, with a stagger there at about 11 o'clock. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.