 Yesterday was Monday. I woke up at 3.30. My youngest daughter, she's a hairdressing second-year apprentice and she had a day at the school of hair down here in Queen Street. So I had a PDA yesterday so I brought her down to Brisbane. She can drive but she's nearly 18. Right, he'll say something again. Where was I? So we came down, we caught the train, I parked at Cannon Hill Station. We caught the train in early so we had breakfast together down the road at Chocolate Soldier and we had like an hour and a half to kill there. Actually, no, that's not true. About an hour to kill down there and just talked about stuff. Then I walked her to where she had to go in and she went in there. I went and caught up with a couple of mates and went for a bike ride while she was there. So that was nice. It was good to catch up with them. And then I came back into town about 3, parked across the road at Southbank, heaped her parking. So it was good and she finished at 4, walked across. I had coffee while I waited for her. She walked across at 4 and picked her up and drove into the Western Sun home for an hour and 45 minutes. Got home, dropped her off at her place and went home. I actually didn't go home. I got picked up at the front of my house because I was late because we were going out for tea with my wife. Went over to a friend's place. Had dinner and I came home and I was had it and I was in bed asleep by 9 o'clock. There was more her than me. I wanted to be on the road by 4. I did that because there's so much road works and we had to get down. I wanted to get on the train so I got her in here at 8 o'clock. But to do that, it's a two hour drive and then it's to the train station, wait for the train, in the train, into town, walk from town into, I walked from South Brisbane to town, have breakfast. We found the place first because it's a bit finicky where to find it. So yeah, I was on the road by about 10 to 4. About 20 minutes. I stand up. I get free travel so I stand up. No, she stood next to me. She didn't want to be, there's lots of people on the train so I said you'll end up feeling like you have to stand up anyway so just stand up. It probably wasn't 20 minutes because it's 20 minutes from Cannon Hill to Roma Street so two stops for 4, 16 minutes probably. No, I didn't listen to her. I knew where it was and I wanted to go there so I told her we'll go and have a look at it. I hadn't been to that one before but there's two chocolate soldiers in about 300 metres each other. I go to the one up here but I hadn't been to that one opposite the old district courts. A bacon and egg brekkie roll. Had a flat white. Yeah, about now. So I had to do the reverse. I had to walk back out, cross the bridge, train back to Cannon Hill, my car up, drive to Cleveland, get changed and then go for a ride. About two hours but we were out for about two and a half hours because we stopped to have coffee. We weren't going. It was just a leisurely ride. There was three of us. It was 50km. Not really. It was lunchtime but no, I didn't need lunch so I just had a coffee and a little snack. I had a banana smoothie, not a coffee. Three o'clock I got back because she texted me and she said we might get away early because they weren't supposed to go until 4.30 but she got out just after four o'clock. She couldn't text because she was working so I thought if I'm in town I'll try and get a park, have a coffee on my own, kill however much time. It worked out perfectly. She walked across the bridge, texted me when she was almost where I told her to wait and I picked her up and we kept going home. A bit longer because it was a fair bit more traffic but not too much longer, about ten minutes longer. I literally pulled in, stepped out of my car, my wife pulled in to pick me up because she was already there and it's only just around the corner. So it's twenty past six, 6.30, something like that. Me and my wife, my wife and I and my mate and his wife, so four of us. The girls made homemade pizzas are fantastic. Everything. So ridiculously, so high. They're nice. I don't know. They're the same type. I'm pretty standard with mine. Although they put heaps of stuff on it. I couldn't tell you what's on it. It was like that sort of stuff, yeah. Yeah. For a couple of hours. So we stayed from about 6.30 to about, I don't know, half past eight, maybe just before half past eight. Yeah, so two hours and I came home and I was just a bit of a wreck so I said I'm going to bed. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment, no comment. No comment. No comment.