 Yesterday, my alarm went off at 20 past 3 in the morning. I woke at my house up in Highfields, which is north of Toowoomba. My car was already packed, so I basically stumbled out of bed, got in my car, drove via Ballard. I drove to Brisbane via Ballard and Murphys Creek. There's roadworks there and I was a bit concerned it would hold me up, but it turned out the lights were pretty good. I made it, no worries. Got to Brisbane about 5.00am. I unloaded my car and drove to the train station and caught the train into town. Got here at about, I think, 20 past 6.00am. Then I just read some media reports and emails from over the weekend and what else did I do? Oh, I started, I had to do some work to do. I had started reviewing stuff and getting ready for court. Went over to court at, oh no, went and had a coffee first. Yes, I went to Chocolate Soldier, had a coffee, came back, continued with the review of some stuff and then went to court about 9.30am. Left here, walked up to court, said g'day to a few people at court, went into court, sat in court from, kicked off at 10.00am and went through till I got out about 10 past 1.00am and came back here for an hour and started the brief for the bosses and went back to court by just after 2.00am because I thought it was a 2.15am start, but it ended up not starting till 2.30am. And I was in court then till about 20 to 4, half 3, 20 to 4, came back, completed my flash brief, it was about 4.30am and knocked off work, went up the road, met a mate of mine, had a couple of beers at the pub up the road here and after which I got on the train, got the train home and then I had dinner and was in bed by about 8.30am and I slept. Probably about 25 to 4, 20 to 4 at the latest. Yeah it does now because the road works, so it's normally about an hour 40 at the most, because I had to stop twice through the, in the middle of nowhere, like it's just a bush, but there's traffic signals there because it's a standard one lane. I do because traffic's, for the 8 years I've been doing it, there's never been a time when there hasn't been traffic, so I leave early too, can't stand stopping and start. Cannon Hill, 20 minutes, I think it's like 22 minutes or something like that. I think I read the news on my phone, well I think I get off the train at 6, I think it's 6.17, I walk across here to work about 20 past 6, it's just all, all of it was about the Royal Commission, not the Queensland Child Protection Commission, so it was, it was interesting but that's all. No because I'd gone in and over the weekend and culled a few, so I didn't have, no, I didn't have many, in fact I don't think I had any, nothing I needed to do, think about. No, no, I just, no, get my suit, make sure my suit wasn't covered in fluff and stuff. Oh with this particular job I've had heaps of court, but that was the first court for about two weeks, first of this sort of court anyway for about two or three weeks, and that was the last day of the hearing, so I don't have any more. No, as far as the Child Protection Commission of Inquiry goes, that was, that was most likely the last day, 25 to 10 by the time, because I think I ran into someone and got talking to them and then went, oh that's right, no I did, I walked with my bloke from work who was going to district court and I've been tied up with a district court trial, and I talked to him for about 15 minutes on the way and then we got to court and yacked for a bit more, so I actually didn't get up court till about 10 to 10, yeah, actually ended up starting a bit later, but yeah. No, not for that, I sit there, my job's just writing a brief, so I sit there and listen to the evidence, well actually yesterday was oral submissions by parties who've got authority for leave to appear, so people who've been called on by the Commission to cross-examine witnesses and that, they sit at the bench, they're barristers except for one bloke, and they gave their final submissions, so I just made notes, that it was, I knew everything that was going to be said anyway because I've sat through it for so long, knew that there was no, nothing new in a paper in my diary. I come back and just read my notes and do up a one-page document for the bosses just to make sure there's nothing for the Queensland Police Service to get excited about, which there wasn't really, it's interesting, like it's interesting stuff that was getting spoken about, but not very many, not ramifications for us as far as this one goes. Yes, I would have been about 4.30, 20 past 4, 4.30, I had to do a little bit of other stuff, so probably about, it was about, I don't know, 20 to 5, no, it was probably a bit later than that, probably about a quarter to 5 by the time I actually left the building. Yeah, two drinks. No, no, I'd had something while I was typing, I had something to eat, I just walked up there and had, I had two beers in about an hour or so, yeah, no, had something to eat. I had, because I wasn't expected home, because I was going to have something to eat here, bacon and egg sandwiches, too nice, very fresh bread. That's what I started with, that's what I finished with, started my day with a bacon and egg damper and finished it with a bacon egg toast, mm-hmm. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment.