 Yes, it would be so much more exciting if I was actually waking up on a beach somewhere. But no, unfortunately I didn't. Okay, so I woke up yesterday morning at, I think, just after six o'clock, got up, had a shower, got ready for work. I drove to work yesterday, which is unusual. Normally I would catch a bus, but I had an appointment after work, so drove into town, got here, got into work at about 7.30, had had the Monday off, six, so caught up on emails, checked everything that had happened while I'd been away, caught up with Andy. Andy and I went out and had a coffee to catch up on everything that had been going on, find out what had been happening to him because he'd been on leave for a couple of weeks, came back to work. I don't remember what else I did. I suppose I did some work, apparently, I chatted to some people. Had another coffee meeting with a friend of mine, catching up on all of the other things that had been happening around their work environment. And then, this is sounding really bad, I actually didn't do much work, because then I went out to lunch with another friend of mine, caught up with them. And basically, the lunch, we went to Shainu, he had had a, he had taken a redundancy last year, probably not a voluntary one. And so I'd been catching up with him about what he'd been up to in the last couple of months, hadn't seen him since January. So caught up with him, had a long lunch with him, came back to work, did another couple of bits of policy work at work, had conversations with people up in the legals unit about some of the work stuff that we're doing at the moment, and caught up with Andy. He had been at court yesterday for hearings, so I caught up with him about what had been going on with that. And I had set up the laptop so we could actually do live streaming in the office, so that I could actually, when I wasn't at coffee or lunch, I was listening to that. Is that five minutes? Close, close. Okay. So I caught up with Andy on that, and he has to, he had to do a brief for me, and the brief has to be sent to all of the bosses. So that was something that I waited for him to do. I then left work at about half past four, or 20 past four, and got my car from across the road, drove to my appointment at New Farm, and when I'd finished with that, drove home, stopped at the grocery store on the way home to get some groceries, got home, made dinner, watched some television, went to bed. Were you awake? Yes, I was. I was. Normally my alarm clock is set for quarter to six, so, and I have it set on the radio, so that basically it doesn't scare me awake. But I hadn't slept particularly well, so I kind of slept a little bit through the alarm, woke up to hear the news, went, better get up. And, um... No, no, it's too early in the morning for me at that time. So I actually had breakfast with Andy when we went and had coffee. Okay. I left home yesterday at about, it was actually, I looked at the clock in my car, it was 6.59am. It just depends, like I've got fairly flexible hours, as long as I'm here by eight. I usually leave home by quarter past seven at the latest if I can. Sometimes it's as late as half past seven, just depends on the weather. Sometimes it's as late as quarter past seven, just depending on how things are. But mainly I like to try and catch the bus that comes around quarter past, twenty past seven. It was actually, yeah, it was actually only about 20 minutes. It was a really good run through. All of the traffic lights were for me, yoo-hoo. So it was just good timing. So yeah, I got into, I parked, I think, by about twenty past, got into work at twenty-five past seven. It was a bit more busy than I thought, but I probably had about twenty to thirty emails that I had to catch up on. But most of it, I think everybody's just been slowing down with the emails lately. It's been really helpful. Yeah. And then you had breakfast while you were out? Yes, yeah. I had some Turkish bread toast with Vegemite on it and a cup of tea. And that's fun. Don't you hate that? Yeah, I know. So after... Yes, yes I did. I was out for probably another hour before I went out for the next meeting. Yes. Where did you meet? The second meeting was at a coffee shop up at the Barracks at Chelsea. Probably thirty to forty minutes. Twelve o'clock. It was actually, I was supposed to meet him at twelve o'clock, but I got a phone call at three minutes to twelve. So I texted him and said I'm going to be running a bit late. So I probably actually only left about ten past twelve. And what did you do? Don't tell anyone, but I just had a bowl of chips with gravy. Yep. I try to bring my lunch in when I can. And I do try to be healthy, despite the fact that I've just said I had chips with gravy. It just depends. If I've got stuff at home, then I'll bring it in. I will try to, just from a budgetary perspective, it's just easier to bring stuff from home if I can. Even if it's one of those little packet things that you can make up in the microwave. Is that in the afternoon? Yes. There's a range of different jobs that I do. Like all of the policy work that I do relates to child protection or youth justice for the QPS. The key thing that I was working on yesterday is that for quite a while now, probably over twelve months, we've been working with the Department of Justice and Attorney General on the development of a memorandum of understanding in relation to the removal of children from youth detention centres, if we want to interview them as a witness or as a victim. So we're at the final stages now where we're just negotiating the little tweaky bits and the final bits of that. So basically I was getting my head back around all of that stuff, because I'd neglected it for a while while we've been doing this child protection inquiry. And then was making phone calls to Jag to speak to the contact officer there, but that kind of got stopped because she'd already gone for the day. So I finished that up this morning. Well, because I detoured to New Farm, the trip to New Farm was fine. My appointment was at five o'clock. I got there probably at ten to five, which was really good timing. And I left there at probably about quarter to six. And the drive home from there over the Story Bridge was fairly nightmarish. The Story Bridge was fine, but then basically the other end of the Story Bridge onto Wynnum Road and Lytton Road, it was stop start. So it took me a lot longer to get home than it did to actually get to work yesterday. I had some gluten-free sausages, lamb sausage with mashed potato and steamed vegetables. Yes, I watched The Voice. I watched the ABC News or as much of that as I could, because I didn't actually get home until probably about half past six. So I missed the commercial news. Not that you miss anything. So I watched the ABC News, then watched The Voice, and then I've got Foxtel, so I was kind of flicking channels. I actually didn't get bed until about 11 o'clock. OK, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment. Thank you.