 I went on a dive course actually. Yeah, so I started off very, very early in the morning, which was hard to get up. And then we went down to the pool and learned all about scuba diving and the equipment that you use. We'd done a theory day the day before, which was basically all in a classroom, multiple choice questions and that sort of stuff. And then on the Sunday we got to hop in the pool and dive around and that sort of stuff. Yeah, it was really good. No, I'd never, I've snorkeled before, but I'd never dived before, so I was quite apprehensive about it. It was a bit scary to start off with. I was fine swimming along the top of the water and I was breathing in and breathing out. But once we descended to the bottom and sat there for a while, I started to panic because I was breathing. But I knew we were only down two or three meters, but the fact that you couldn't go up really sort of freaked me out and I sort of panicked for a little bit, but after a while I was okay. Yeah, so I was there from about seven in the morning to about five. So by the time I finished, I was absolutely stuffed. Yeah, sure, sure. So in the beginning we learned all about the equipment and how you put it on, how you take it off. And it was quite difficult because you had to stand there with the tank on your back, which was so heavy. It was killing my lower back. It was huge. I thought I was going to fall, but I didn't. And then we put our flippers on and we all jumped in the pool. And then whilst we were under the water, we had to cover probably about 10 or 15 different skills like what happens if your mask falls off and when you take the breathing apparatus out of your mouth and you put it back in and you can also share your air with someone else that you're next to and just different emergencies. They'll come around and they'll turn off your air supply and then you can't breathe and you have to signal that you're out of air and then you have to start, when it gets turned back on, you have to start breathing again really slowly. And yeah, so it was a bit scary. So basically after the dive course, we were absolutely stuffed. So we come home and just laid on the couch for the rest of the afternoon. I think all we managed to do was make and eat some toast and watch television. I think I talked to my mum, but that was about it. So I got up at about six o'clock and got ready, had some breakfast. And then apparently it was the coldest morning on record. So I was really looking forward to hopping in the pool. And then we got ready and then drove and we just went down to the Fortitude Valley pool there. Yeah, found a park. So when we got up, we had a little bit of raisin toast and then we had a little bit of porridge as well. So we thought that that might keep us going for the rest of the day. And then I think we just had a fair bit of water before we got there. Yes, we drove to the pool. So once we hopped in the car, I think it was only about 15 minutes. We could have taken the train, but we just weren't sure on the train timings and that sort of thing. And we were a bit worried about parking once we got there. But by the time we got there, it was still really early. So we managed to get a park in the side street. So we're heading, me and my partner are heading to Fiji in June. Yeah, so he's dived before. He's done line diving in Tasmania, which would have been freezing. But I'd never dived before. And to do any diving when you're overseas, you have to have your open water license. So we had to do the course and then we're going away in June. So we had to make sure we get all our dives in before we go away so that we can go and swim with the sharks in Fiji. So that was probably nine o'clock to about four. Yeah, in a very small, cold classroom all day. Yeah, watching videos, doing tests, reviewing all the material that you had to look over. And then you had to do an exam at the end of the day. And if you didn't get 75% on the exam, you had to do another exam. So I was freaking out and thinking, if I don't pass this, I'm going to have to do another one. So, but I passed it was fine. Yeah. So you got to start? Yes. So we sort of hung around and talked about a lot of the things we would be doing. And we learned all about how to put our equipment together. So we didn't actually hop in the pool for probably about an hour and we had to hand stand that sort of thing. But yeah, so there was probably 10 of us and we were paired up in a buddy system. And it was a range of people. There were people that were probably not child age, but probably late teens and then right through to older people there. Yeah, yeah, he didn't do a bad job. He didn't leave me alone. So that was good. Yeah, so I think when we were ready to go and I was like, okay, okay. And then we got down to the bottom of the pool and then I started sort of gasping for air, not really thinking about what was happening. And then I was like, oh, I'm not sure if I like this or not. And I was sort of sitting there sort of fumbling around a bit. And the first thing we had, or the second thing we had to do was get water in our goggles and then get the water out of our goggles again. And I just panic and I shot for the surface and the dive instructor sort of put his hands on my shoulders and pushed me down and just looked me in the eye and said, don't move and sort of pointed to his eyes. He just sort of signaled to breathe in and breathe out slowly and don't freak out. And he was like, are you okay? And I was like, yes, I'm fine now. Just all hand signals. Yeah, so it was all different signals that we had to learn for the day. And that was hard in itself because we were underwater for 30 minutes not being able to talk, which I found really difficult. I'm okay. Yeah, so being underwater for that long in silence, or you can hear like sounds, but you can't hear people speaking or anything like that. Yeah, it was new experience. Yeah, yeah. So about 12, 1230, we took a break for lunch. And I thought it was really strange because we all headed to like a Mexican place. And I was like, Mexican food is the last thing I want to do if I'm diving because you just spend the afternoon burping, which is terrible. But like everyone sort of had reflux for the afternoon. So I don't know why they would take you, I thought they'd just take you somewhere for a sandwich or something. Yeah, it's an April fool. No, we paid for our own lunch. Yeah, we sort of had a break. And that was really good to have a break. So I was absolutely stuffed. But then we came back and did a few more hours in the pool after that. So I ordered, it was like a burrito and it had beef and brown rice and avocado. So it was really nice. It was huge that I couldn't eat it all. And yeah, yeah, it's like a bit, oh, I just felt full. And then when you had your wetsuit on and my stomach was, oh, I just felt so pudgy. Was it cold in the pool? It was. It was funny in the morning it was cold, I think because my body was getting used to it. But we had to do a 200 meter swim as like a test and then tread water for 10 minutes without the wetsuit on. So that was freezing. And then we got to put our wetsuit on. And then for the rest of the day, it sort of wasn't too bad because the wetsuit sort of helped me, had boots on and flippers and stuff. But yeah, being in the water all day. By the time I'd finished, I had enough. Yeah, so we're going to get taken out on two open water dives. So we're in the ocean somewhere. So that should be exciting. Apparently, it's easier once you've got something to look at and you're sort of there for a purpose rather than sort of in the pool learning all your different skills. So I'm hoping it will be okay. Yeah. So when we got home, I think we watched an episode of My Kitchen Rules. Yeah, for some reason, we've been into that this season because there's a lot of different characters and stuff in there. So we basically just relaxed and watched that. And then I think there might have been a movie or something on afterwards, but I was so tired. I think I was trying to keep my eyes open. Yeah, just toast. Yeah, toast and Vegemite. I was feeling a little bit crook. I don't know if my body was sort of in shock, but I was just feeling muscle achy and my neck was sore and I just felt a little bit nauseous. I probably just pushed yourself more than you would normally during the day. So I just sat there and then my boyfriend went and made toast. I just didn't do anything. I think we had some fruit afterwards. We headed to bed about 10.30, but I still didn't feel like I had enough sleep by the time I got up. Yeah, no comment. Oh, yeah. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.