 So the alarm went off at 5.20 yesterday morning, which I then snoozed twice. So then I got up, I had a shower, dressed, my hair. I actually drive, I live at Cleveland and I drive to Coorparoo train station. So I drove to there, caught the 6.55 train from Coorparoo train station to Roma Street and then from there I walked from Roma Street to my office which is in North Quay in the CVRE building. So given that it's a Monday, it's always a busy day after the weekend in our office. So I spent most of the morning doing emails and some of those emails were in relation to operational questions and then we've got a lot of issues going on around compliance and domestic violence. So a lot of phone calls and trying to sort those out and send advice back out to officers. So that took up most of the morning. Then we went and got a coffee from the coffee shop around the corner and then went back to the office and from there we're doing a review of the training that they're providing to recruits around domestic violence. So I spent the next couple of hours basically going through their lesson plan and their learning guide, their exam and PowerPoint, which is what they're going to deliver to recruits when they start the new phase of training. So that pretty much took through till lunchtime and then some of the afternoon, but we had lunch at about one o'clock and then yeah it was more of that proof, the recruit training stuff that we finished and sent back. And then yeah in the afternoon I guess the time went pretty quickly of doing just different things, correspondence and then left the office at about 20 to 4 and I catch the train then obviously back to Coorparoo train station, went home, walked the dog, did a load of washing, cooked dinner, watched television, which we're still watching that My Kitchen Rules. Even though it frustrates us a lot, we're persevering to see who can win. And then yeah I went to bed about half past nine and that was pretty much the day. So you snoozed a couple of times? Yes, not keen to get up on a Monday morning. Yeah is that your normal routine? Not really but we'd had a pretty big weekend so it was just yeah neither of us wanted to get up and go into work on Monday but we did. So yeah we got there in the end. And do you have breakfast at home? No I have breakfast at work. No straight in the shed, well after you snooze twice there's not much time for anything else. So yeah. How long does it drive to? About 35 minutes. And train busy that time of the morning? It's not too bad and I think given that it's coming into winter and it's a little bit darker in the mornings, we actually get less and less people on the train. I think they you know decide to take a later train. So yeah it's actually good coming into winter that we get less people so it's not as crowded. Well I generally don't sit down because it's only between Coorparoo and here which is you know 15 minutes. So yeah it's just easier to stand up. So do you listen to music on the train? No but I generally I'll check like home emails and Facebook and things like that in that time. Yeah. So does that get you into work? About quarter past seven yeah. Yep yeah so being like with our being domestic violence you know the crews that work over the weekend we generally end up with a few curly questions come you know basically just seeking some advice or clarification or you know needing some assistance. So we generally have a few emails like that. Yeah which takes a bit of time because they're not the straightforward ones obviously by the time they email us they've you know sought some advice usually through their on-road supervisors and it's been a bit of a curly job. So yeah that's when they end up contacting us. Yeah yeah yep yes. I just had a shake I'm doing the Tony Ferguson shake thing so yeah. Cafe latte. Ah it sounds like no it's all right. So was it after that? Yeah yeah so I think we went about 10 30 or something like that. No bring it back yeah. So you're reviewing training routes? Yep. Was there a training ready? Yeah so there's new domestic violence legislation came out in September last year but they're also doing a lot of changes to the actual I guess modules or how they deliver the training to recruits. So it was a bit of a combination of we were updating the information or the content but also there's you know change in their delivery as well so it's been quite an overhaul of of the training for recruits. So it's taken a bit of time to get through you know because it's not just going through and changing a few bits and pieces it's been kind of a total overhaul so it's taken a bit of time to to do that. Do you do any? No we don't deliver the training they've got facilitators at the academy that do that so yeah we're kind of like the content experts around just the DV component or the module and so that's where that learning guide and the lesson plan are pretty comprehensive so that the facilitators you know can pick it up and and then deliver it. So yeah like I said it takes takes a bit of time to get through the nitty-gritty the finer details of that stuff and make sure that someone can literally pick it up read it understand it and then obviously deliver it as we intended. So yeah yeah so we didn't um because there's you know for DV there's a lot of different packages not just recruits so we've done like first year constables and we've done like a competency acquisition book and things like there's just been a lot of different I guess types of training delivery and the recruits have been the last one that we've done so yeah well just about a little bit more I've got the exam to go but um yeah nearly there and then everything will be up to date which will be good he'll be done then. So you went for lunch? No I made my lunch so I had a wrap with tuna and salad generally at my desk yeah and you worked out about your normal time? Yeah about then any day anywhere between there and and kind of just before four o'clock. Um no it was okay um but it can it can be busy but I generally find Mondays and Fridays I think because people must have their you know extra rest days or whatever you know toil days or ATO or whatever they have on Mondays and Fridays is generally okay yeah. Um so did you when you got home did you straight away? Yeah pretty much we go for about 35 minutes staffy so it's more of a stroll than a it's not a power walk because you got to stop at every tree, post, fence, other dog yeah. And then when you got home did you? Put it on before we went yeah and then just um put it through the dryer so yeah. Um did you cook dinner last night? Uh team effort last night so I did the veggies and we had and hubby did the steak on the barbie so. And um you mentioned you? Um oh the news and then yeah my kitchen rules and yeah. Is it getting close to the end now? Yeah I think we're in finals week now or they're doing the big build up but um we would actually Shelly and I were talking about it of you know is it going to be Wednesday or are they going to make us then hang out till Sunday which you would think for ratings they will but um yeah they keep saying you know this is final week and you know they're getting down to the nitty-gritty but it's like yeah. But then we were saying that the block finished on a Wednesday they had their auction and the finale on a Wednesday but I think if I was in charge I'd be hanging out for Sunday to get those ratings I reckon. I know and I think a lot of people have lost interest and I know we did we stopped watching it for a little while because it was just like quite frustrating that it wasn't going anywhere you know but um yeah I guess now that it's kind of getting close to the end we're back into watching it but yeah we want the Queenslanders to win of course. And then you were in bed at 9 30 last night? Yeah. Did you read a book or anything? Um no I um had the telly on for a little while but yeah wasn't really watching it I was pretty buggered by the time I got to bed so I pretty much went straight to sleep. Now I'm gonna ask you a question. Okay no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment. Well done. Excellent. Start watching Mike's and Ro's but obviously asking people what you did yesterday. I hear a lot about it. Oh yeah. Yeah when someone started talking about it again last week because I hadn't heard about it well. It's like is that still on? I know and I do think we all got a bit fatigued by it all of just