 I don't work on Mondays, so I woke up with the kids and got my little boy ready for school. On Mondays I stay home with my little girl, so it's a really nice mummy-daughter day. We took Tom to school, and then we went and stopped at the bakery and got some gingerbread men and some bread. Then we got home and I made her coffee, and she had her gingerbread men, and I did the crossword while she was eating gingerbread men and watching TV. It was great. And then we started playing with some air-dry clay. She made a butterfly and I made a cat. And then she took all the decorations off them and mushed them all up together, and then mixed the green clay with the pink clay. We had lots of fun for a while and then realised that all the pink clay was mixed up with the green clay and it wasn't pink anymore, and then she had a big santee because she didn't have any more pink clay. So the first thing she asked me this morning when we woke up was, can you buy me some more pink clay, Mum? So we did that, and then I would have made her some morning tea or some lunch. And I cleaned up the house, I did some washing. It was a pretty boring day. Then we go and get Tom from prep at 2.30. And then we went over to my friend's house after school to play with her kids for an hour or so. Then we went back and made them some chicken schnitzel for dinner. And I had some other chicken thing for dinner. And what else? That was probably about it for yesterday. So, because you're a day off, do you have to get up early? I still get up at 6 to get Tom to school. Bye. 9. Do you have to get up early in the morning when you wake up? Yeah. So is it always Mondays off? Is that your regular day off? Yeah, it's always Mondays off. It's really good having a four day week. You've got the same thing. So, while you're getting the kids? No, I give them breakfast in front of the TV. I'll have toast or rice bubbles or something. What do you do? ABC Kids. It's always on. What do you do? I'm a teacher. I teach kids. I teach kids. I teach kids. I teach kids. I teach kids. Do you have breakfast yet? No, I waited until we got to the bakery. So, what time? We leave at about 8.20 so that we can get him, that he's in there by 8.55. So, it takes? Yeah, it only takes five minutes to drive to school, but it takes that long to get them both out of the car and then walk up the goat track to get there and back. So, then after dropping off? Yeah. So, it's our usual Monday loop, school, bakery, back home, gingerbread man. Yeah. Do you buy just one? Do you buy two? I buy one for her in the morning and then another one for her and one for him in the afternoon after school. So, she gets two gingerbread men, but she doesn't usually eat. She eats the Smarties off the top and sucks the chocolate off the legs and leaves the rest on the couch. Yeah, well, I'm just getting mine. Yeah. So, you got your? Yeah, I just got some nice fresh bread from home and had some toast. So, when you got Smarties? Yeah, I had my avocado on toast and my coffee and my crossword. Yeah. What's the one? It's in the MX. So, I've got a bit of a pile on the deck upstairs to go through. Drives my husband crazy. Yeah. He's got newspapers all over the place. And did you finish the crossword? Yeah, I think I did. Nothing on the first one? No, I think that was, well, there might have been one I couldn't get. I think they're pretty small crosswords. So, then you started playing clay? Yeah. So, does it come in a pack or? Nah, it comes in a little Tupperware container and it's really, really light. It's almost like air. But it all hardens? You leave it? Yeah, it kind of goes crumbly. It hardens, but then if you try and bend it, it cracks. Yeah. Yeah, it's kind of like really light Play-Doh. Yeah. So, your daughter, Butterfly, were you made a cat? Yeah. Did they look like a butterfly and a cat? They look, no, nothing like it. But their clay comes with bits of cardboard with pictures on it. So, the cat already had the legs that you can stick into the clay and the face that you can stick on it and the ears and stuff. So, it looked something like a cat. But not for long because she just smashed them all up after that. So, how long did you wait? Oh, maybe 20 minutes, half an hour before she decided she wanted to make balls. So, she took all the bits, all the decoration bits out and then made four green balls and four pink balls and then threw them around the house for a while and then smashed them all together. So, she was probably playing with it for a good hour and a half. Yeah. But it all ended up in tears as usual. Yeah. Try and do something nice for her. Yeah. And then did you both? No, I made her noodles, two-minute noodles for lunch and I had some leftover dinner later on. Leftover chicken, just a roast chicken and vegetables. Couple of those? Yep. And then? We leave at about 2.25 to get there by 2.55. Did you go straight to the kids' house? Yeah. How many hours? About an hour. They've got an Xbox, which is really all Tom wants to do. So, he didn't really want to go and play with the kids. No? He just wanted to play a video game. And then? Yeah. And then what did you do? He got a library book from school. It was library day yesterday. So, he got a Sabretooth Tiger book. He's right into dinosaurs. Yeah. Yeah. So, he likes non-fiction, but that was a pretty long book. So, we skipped a few bits. And then once the kids went home? No, I lied down with them and then I fell asleep. It's nice going to bed at 8.30. I'm going to ask you a series of questions. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.