 Well, strangely enough, I can't remember too much about it, but I'm assuming there was breakfast involved. Oh, slept in, slept in yesterday, which is becoming a recurring theme. And that's why I rushed through breakfast and caught the, managed to get to the express train on time again. My big issue seller wasn't there again yesterday, so I got to work in record time, because normally I stop for a chat with my big issue guy for 10 minutes or so on the way in every morning. And, actually I can't really remember. Just another day, fair bit of data entering. Had my headphones on for a while, missed a couple of phone calls, nobody died. Yeah, no, not a one. Just remember I didn't even go for a walk yesterday. Feeling a bit flat from the weekend. Yeah, absolutely nothing happened yesterday. Then I went home. Oh, no, I did have a bit of work coming in late, so I missed my train and I worked back a bit. And then I caught the next train after that, which was busier, yet quieter, because there were less kids on it. I'll be doing that again. And got back to my car, drove home. The young fella is staying with his, the three-year-old's staying with his granddad at the moment, so I didn't have to go pick him up at daycare. So I went home and went for a lay down on the bed and woke up when the wife got home. I have no idea. Would have been about quarter past six, maybe. Yeah, 6.30ish. And had dinner. Boring life. Oh, did a bit of coding on my computer, bit of Linux coding and managed to get raw files from a camera recognized on Linux, which is good. That was a win and went to bed. Young fella wasn't there, so the TV didn't get turned on. You could say a mistake, just ignoring the alarm. Yeah, it's five o'clock every day. Oh yeah, 5.30, yeah. Had a fruit muffin, the English type, with the muffin and a plunge of coffee. There's three in a row. I caught the third one. Yeah, that leaves at 51, from Gaza, leaves at 6.51. I don't get it, there's three express trains in a row on the Ipswich line. There's one at quarter past, which goes all stations, and then there's three in a row in 10 minute intervals that do express, and it's not different stations express, it's all the same stops, so weird. I got to get on the old car at six past seven, and that's just a nightmare. Nowhere to sit, full of kids. I usually played with my tablet, my new best friend over there. I did do a bit of emailing yesterday, I think, and I did a bit of replying to some questions on a, there's a photographer for him, I went through this last week, one of the admins for, and I had a couple of questions overnight that I had to respond to, so I did that. We did that on the train, yeah. Agony and advice for cameras. Yes, there was a chap asking me if there's any maintenance I have to do on an underwater case that I've recently reviewed for my small walkabout camera. Put it in an underwater case and went to SeaWorld and filmed underwater with it. And a fella's interested in buying one for himself, and he wanted to know if there's any weaknesses or maintenance you have to do, which I'm pretty sure I covered in the damn article I wrote. It was only 4,000 words, but still, with pictures. No, it's not a very expensive case. Yeah, just common sense stuff, which is pretty much what I said, just common sense. Wanted to big note himself about his experience with underwater photography and list his camera gear. So yeah, he should. I said that too. Yeah, John. No, he wasn't there. Yeah, he took a week off. I ran into him last week down the street, and I said, where have you been? And he said, oh, I sold all my books. Nobody seems to want to buy any with Rihanna on the front, so I just thought I'd take the week off. Like, oh, feeling all right? He said, oh, yeah, because he's been off crook for a bit last year. Missed him a bit. Yeah, no, he'd been down the coast visiting his brother, just bumming around. But he's back today. He's got a new book to sell with Dr. Who on the front, so he'd sell thousands of them. Yeah, when I went on rehab from upstairs, because working at comps, you didn't have a lot of interaction with the public, except for negative. My psychologist suggested I, you know, when I'm walking around with my camera, which is one of the diversion therapies she gave me, was street photography. When I'm walking around with my camera, just start talking to people, just get back in the swing of seeing people as, you know, like you rather than problems you have to deal with on the phone. And John was one of the first people I started talking with, and, yeah, buddies. Mind you, he can't remember my name, and I don't know his last name. But whenever we see each other, no matter what we're doing, we usually stop and have a chat. Like, whenever I go for a walk during work, I usually run into him down around the mall. Ah, music, listening to music, yeah. Ooh, Birds of Tokyo. Yeah, it's fantastic. The first one I bought off the Google Music, Play Music, whatever it is, store, and yeah, worth every cent. Ah, yeah, sitting right next to me, but it's a good excuse to say, oh, I don't know who you are. No, I sat at my desk and ate baked beans with a couple of falafel balls in it. We like, I rushed through breakfast, and that's what was, you know, the first thing I could say for lunch was, oh, beans, balls. Which I just happened to have the same today, because I found out yesterday it's really delicious. It's the new hot chili beans that Heinz do with the falafel. Yesterday I sat at my desk and just kept going, plodding along, bit of work to catch up. Apparently everybody wanted to kill themselves and die in car crashes over the weekend, so I had a bit of work to do. Yeah, I just had a phone inquiry from a copper out west who I spent a farewell chatting with on the phone, just, you know, shooting the breeze. And then I said, what are you calling for, Move? He said, oh, well, this thing here, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, oh, well, that's actually a big inquiry. I'll have to get stuck into that one. So that's, I got held back doing that. Instead of socialising, we should have been talking to business. But, you know, if ever I'm up there, he's gonna give me a job, so. I even said to him, I said, mate, you know, you said, like, you need an A01 staff. He said, oh, we could get one. Well, I happen to know it, who's in the market. And we could move to Macay, no worries at all. I have an e-book. I also bought from Google Play. Stainless Steel Rat by Harry Harrison. And one of the things on my bucket list that I wanted to do for a while is adapt, because I have a history in screenwriting. I wanted to adapt one of the stainless steel rat to screenplay form. So I've decided, I'm thinking about it, I'll start doing it and try to write again, because I've been able to write for a while. So I've started on the first one. I've read them all already, but I'm gonna start on the first one and highlight passages that I want to put into a contiguous screenplay. I'm gonna have to combine a few of them, so yeah. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. I'm going for a steak right now.