 Well, as much detail as possible you're saying. Um, slept in, got up, had a shower, got dressed, skipped breakfast, made it to the train just on time to catch the express rather than the next one which is the cattle car. Um, got to work only 15 minutes late, um, did all of my daily tasks within about an hour and a half, then grabbed my camera and went for a walk around town, went to Dick Smith and exchanged a memory card reader that didn't work, and then I went down to the Sony Centre in Edward Street and had a talk to my sales guy about an upcoming purchase for the photo business, and then I went to Brisbane City Hall. Oh, I forgot, I stopped at Brisbane City Hall on the way past Dick Smith to get a ticket for the Clocktower tour which was at 11.45. So anyway, I finished down at Elias down at Sony Centre and went back to the Brisbane, uh, the City Hall and took the Clocktower tour at 11.45 and went up and took a bunch of photos and came back down and ran into Ali's boss, Paula, in King George Square and we had a chat and walked back to work and grabbed lunch on the way. Had a bit of lunch, um, I think I did a bit more work because there was a little bit left over, or a little bit had arrived since I had gone for my casual stroll, and um, browsed the internet for a while, put in a purchase order for some printing and packed up, went home, got on the train, um, had to sit backwards going home on the train so I got a bit and drove straight home, said g'day to the missus and the little fella, and then went and laid down to, uh, get over the effects of the riding backwards on the train thing, and um, next thing I knew it was about 7.30, Spix and Spex was over and I woke up and, uh, did a bit of writing on my blog and I went to bed about midnight. Oh yeah, um, five o'clock. I have two alarms, both staggered at five minute intervals, and, because I work shift work for so long, up, upstairs in comms, and for the last year I've had to work normal hours, it's just a nightmare. So, um, yeah. Uh, it was about twenty past, uh, five, so about half an hour sleep in, yeah. Uh, quarter past six. Uh, on days I'm late, maybe about ten minutes, normally about twenty. Yes. Ten minutes, yeah. Uh, it takes about five, no that's not right, it takes about thirty minutes, whereas the normal takes forty, yeah. Mess around on, um, I read feeds, I do Google Plus, um, emails. Um, would have been about quarter past. Quarter past. Really cares though, because I'm there on rehab and I'm surplus to their requirements, so. As long as I'm there to answer phones when no one's in, it's all good. Nah, it was just the boss yesterday. Nah, pretty much the same. Nah, they took the email box off me. While they were short staffed before Christmas, I was doing all of the office manager work, because there was nobody else there. And um, when we got a couple of full-time coppers in, um, they took that responsibility off me, because I think they thought they were overloading me, quite honestly. And they weren't, yeah, I had bugger all to do. Just data entry and I caught up on that, because I'm expecting to be fired. That would have been about quarter past ten. Yeah. Yeah. Um, been doing it seriously, um, since I got the injury upstairs in January 2011. So my psychologist suggested I use it as diversion, uh, part of a diversion therapy, because I was already, you know, doing photography, because my background before the QPS was as a screenwriter and, um, movie producer. And um, no money in that. And uh, so I've taken up photography, sort of as a hobby to be a creative outlet, because it's more, um, as you need to do it, rather than, you know, a great big thing with other people involved. It's an individual pursuit. And um, Claudine suggested I do that, uh, as part of a diversion therapy thing for the, uh, the injury from working upstairs, and it sort of blossomed from there. Had a talent, a lot of encouragement, and um, yeah, it's taken off. Yeah, um, abandonments, mostly. Yeah, um, old buildings that are decaying and falling down, stuff like that. But I did, I committed all of last year to that. This year I decided to take a step up, or outside of the comfort zone. I'm doing people this year, so I'm promoting as a portrait artist as well. And weddings. I've already got three. Ridiculous. Yesterday, a few more than normal, because I went up the clock tower too, but, um, usually 60 or 70 a day. Oh no, a bit higher than that, maybe 100. No, it just didn't work. Paid $20 for the thing. Tried to, um, this is so I can do my editing on my tablet. I'm inventing this. So I take the photo, edit it on the tablet, and upload it straight away. And um, um, yeah, everything was working, uh, except for the card reader. So, yeah. Uh, normally, uh, supposed to be 15 minute, but because the people before us were full of oldies who had trouble walking up the stairs, they ran a bit over. So they didn't want to be up there for the dinging of the bells at, um, midday. So they shoofted us off after about 10 minutes. So we got out, we were getting out of the lift at the bottom just as the bells went. So it was about 10 minutes. Cheated us out of five. It's free. Uh, 1976 was the last time I'd been up in the clock tower. But it's only just reopened, so. Oh yeah. I'll be doing a triptych of the, well, I don't remember the term for four in a panel, but I got panos, vertical panos, so the, the view from up the top. So I'll do it the four directions. Yeah, I'll frame it. Stick it on a wall. Um, diet coke. Uh, no, Paula, the lady I was with, like I said, Ali's boss. She stopped and got food, but I just got a diet coke because I had a curry upstairs. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's language of a coronial brochure that our, our unit does to help bereaving family. Um, it's an information brochure. It was the idea of, well, our regular OIC is currently working away, uh, but it was his idea and he and I, we've, we've done the project from scratch. So yeah, we composed the English one first and then Gold Coast said, geez, we need these in Japanese cause we've got a lot of tourists, so Japanese. And it was a Japanese one we need more of cause we're running out. And since then we've done, um, Hindi, Indonesian, uh, simplified Chinese, traditional standard Arabic. Um, can't remember the other, but yeah, we use UQ and, uh, PLOs, police PLOs for translations. Trying to get Torres Strait Islander Creole in at the moment before I go to try and get the whole thing complete. And we've doing a big search at the moment for a sort of a standardized, uh, indigenous, written indigenous language. There's plenty of spoken indigenous languages, but not many written that we can do as well. So see if we can get my boss a, um, a medal or something. Um, considering I was running late getting to work, I, uh, left work probably about 15 minutes early as is my wont. A quarter to three. Yeah. And I nice casual stroll down to the railway station, take photos of people on the way as they're rushing to the railway station. Yeah, it was a dog, so I walked in, wife said, you going to mow the lawn? I went, no, I'm going to lay down. Yeah, I was just going to lay down for a little while, but yeah, sure enough, I was out like a light and she just left me. From being a shift worker for so long, I take it when I can get it and sleep on the spot, you know? No, I can't remember what we, no, I didn't even have dinner last night. Oh no, Karen made, um, roast chicken and vegetables. Yeah, no, I missed it. When I got up, I found a, I went looking for something to eat and I found a box of, um, brownies she made the day before and I ate the hell out of them. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.