 I got up at about 6ish. I usually try and get up a little bit early but I had a bit of a sleep in yesterday. I got ready for work. Hubby and I drove down to the train station and caught the train to work. I think I ended up getting to work about 7.30, 7.45ish. I just basically did all the stuff that I have to do at work, like all our requests and intel submissions and things like that. Then I think at about 4.15, no it was 4.15 I left, finished up work, tidied up what I was doing, hopped across to the train station and I always miss the 416 train without fail. I'm walking up the elevator as it's going and I can see it there and I'm like, I've missed it. And I'm waving as it's going through the train station. So I sat and just sort of listened to some music and read the news while I was waiting for the next one. And got home. Hubby came to pick me up from the train station. And then basically went home and I did three batches of Anzac Slice. Because a lot of people, because it's Anzac Day tomorrow, not in tomorrow, so I make Anzac Slice sort of every year. So I did three batches of that and chilled out at the same time and watched some TV and went to bed. I usually get up about 5.30ish. I sort of vary a little bit between 5.00 to 5.30. That's if I'm on a day shift. If I'm on an afternoon shift then you just sort of get up about 9.00ish. It depends what you're working or doing. Yesterday was a day shift. No, it was still okay for time. It was just that I was starting to get a bit cold and don't really want to get out of bed because it's cold. So do you have breakfast? No, most days I actually have breakfast at work. I usually keep a little bowl, like the instant oatmeal or I'll have shakes at work or something like that. It's just easier. We didn't walk to the train station, we drove the car. No. It's not too far, but with both of us we just find it easier to drive to the train station. Because sometimes we'll get back late at night or later in the evening when it's a bit dark. Not that our area's a bad area, but I don't particularly want to be walking. Generally by the end of the day you're like, can the car go home? What time did you get on the train? We caught, I think, 6.40 on the train, so probably about 30. No, the train was already there, and that's why I think it's a 6.40ish train. I don't know the exact time, but it usually leaves within about five minutes of us getting there. For us it's about 30-35 minutes. It's a pretty good trip in. It's short, it's about the same amount of time as it would take to drive to work. So it's the same as it would take public transport. I'll read the paper. He's the sort of guy that needs that cup of coffee in the morning because he can't really sit at his desk. Okay, here's your coffee, here's your paper, I'll see you in half an hour. We do talk, and occasionally we'll spot people on the train. When you're people watching, things like that, and you laugh. Some of the conversations that you hear on the train, I'll send him a text message, or he'll send me a text message going, oh my god, I should see this. It's easy because if you're eavesdropping on a conversation, or somebody's right in front of you and they're talking about stuff, a perfect example is we had two teenage girls, 15-16, lovely sweet girls, really nice girls talking, and the way teenagers talk is like, oh my god, totally. We're laughing our heads off, and you can't sit there while they're right in front of you and laugh, because it's kind of rude. I was sending a text message and he's going, oh my god, totally on a text message. It's a way of laughing at it without being, I'm not taking Mickey out of you, you're a sweet girl. It's one of those things. If you see people texting each other on the train, that's what it'll probably be. Now on the trip yesterday, did you... Yes, I did actually, because there was a lady sitting opposite us who was wearing a Doctor Who T-shirt, because my hubby loves Doctor Who. I sent him a text message saying, hey, have a look at the lady sitting opposite, she's got a Doctor Who shirt on, and he goes, oh, that's awesome, I like that. So you started work about... Yeah, about that. No, I didn't actually have oats, I'm out of oats, damn it. I had a cup of coffee and a yogurt, so, yep, yes, between probably 15 or 20. No, I actually did about five yesterday, but we did a whole heap of other requests, like intel requests and things like that. We do a few different things. We do intel submissions, we do intel disseminations, so we get stuff from interstate to send out to our guys, and we get all the stuff from our state in Queensland to send out to the different states, and we get stuff from federal and New Zealand and all that sort of stuff. So it depends. On a busy day we might have a lot of Queensland requests that we've got to take care of, so you'll just try and get through all those, and then other days you'll have barely any, or ones that can wait to the next day and you've got lots of urgent stuff. So it changes on a day-to-day basis. Probably at 20 past 11, quarter past 11, I actually had a really early lunch, I suppose, because it was that yogurt coffee breakfast. I was hungry. And how much did you have? I did not actually have my lunch with me. What did I have? My lean cuisine, yeah, I think it was the meatballs. It wasn't bad, actually, it was pretty tasty. And do you ever buy it? Yeah, yeah, every now and again. I do try and bring it, yeah. And do you ever run to that position on the train? I have done in the past, but I think I'm now at that point where I'm like, it's like 15 minutes, there'll be another one. It's, you know, so you just wait for the next one. About that, yeah. I think I was wearing heels yesterday, so it wouldn't have been pretty. When you're at the airport? Yeah, yeah. I do like to people watch. I usually have either a book on my iPhone or I'll listen to music. Sometimes you download TV shows and you watch it. And, I mean, going home's a little bit, you know, because I'm usually by myself, I usually sort of try and zone out and chill out from the day. Not that it's stressful, but, you know, just sort of wind down. But, yeah, I don't mind people watching. And it's interesting on the train because you get some really interesting characters, like the people that don't wash, the shower people, embrace it, we use deodorant, please, please, please. But it's interesting because you see, like, I like seeing what people are wearing and, you know, how they stand or the way they are with other people and you watch how they move away from people or stand close. And, you know, it's really fun too when you watch the high school students and the guys are sort of trying to hit on the girls. And you know the ones that they like because they'll find a reason to touch them more, you know, and it's like, oh, that's so sweet. So, when are you going to do your recipe? Yeah, I'd send him a text saying, come pick me up, please. So, yeah. And then you mentioned food that you're doing a little bit of. Yeah, it's a recipe I sort of stumbled across. And I'd love to say that it is all me, but it's just an easy, easy, easy recipe. But I like to try and sort of make it about a day. I've made it probably for the last sort of five, six years in a row. I kind of over-extended myself last night because I'd made a batch for hubby's work, a batch for my work, and then a batch for home because we have friends that sort of come over. And, yeah, it's a really, really easy recipe. And it's just I've given that recipe to a number of friends and they all say it turns out exactly the same. Yeah, it's full proof. I got home, I believe, probably I started cooking at about, say, 6.30. And the last batch came out at about 10.30. So, yeah, they usually cook about 20, 25 minutes depending on, because I watch it. I'll set it for 20. It's meant to cook for half hour, but I'll usually set it for 20 and then I'll watch it from there. And 25 seems to be that sort of magic number, but sometimes it goes a little bit crunchy too. You've got to get that perfect mix of crunchy and chewy. So, yeah. Yeah, we did our staple classic of cheese and biscuits for dinner. Sounds terrible, but I think by the end of the day, like we're both, like sometimes you have a really big meal, you feel like going, I really feel like having a steak and potatoes and all sorts of stuff. And others are just sort of going, you know what, I just want something really basic for dinner. So I took some cheese out of the fridge and we had some water crackers and we were just sort of nibbling on those as we go along. It's nice and simple. I watched the news. I think it was Channel 9 News. I think I watched Channel 9 News and all the coverage about the Boston bombers and it's just inundated with all that sort of stuff. Every now and again there'll be a news story that sort of sinks in and you go, I really remember that, but last night's news, it was just a bit, apart from all the Boston bomber stuff, it was a bit unremarkable. Like there's nothing about it that went, oh, okay, I didn't know that. So, same doom and gloom, politics, poor. I think I ended up going to bed about 11.30. Okay, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. I'm going to get unplugged.