 What did I do yesterday? Well, let's see, when I woke up I do some Pilates exercises for about 10 minutes and some nice stretching and breathing exercises. So they're really good. And get up and make some breakfast and make some lunch. Make sure you can get out the door by about 6.30. Just enough time to walk to the bus and then get the train into the city from Redcliffe. So that takes about an hour and a half. But it's easy once I get into Roma Street because then I've just got to go across the road to the police headquarters. And let's see, when we started work yesterday, who was not here yesterday? Tony wasn't in yesterday, so that meant we had to do some of Tony's work. Have a look and see what new workers come in overnight and start working on these forms. Yeah, pretty much I think. We're only a small team, so occasionally we have one or two people away, so then we need to pick up some of their work as well. Only three. Three of all, so not many. We've just moved to a new area as well, just with this new restructure of the police service. So that was really good, only a couple of weeks ago. So we're all still settling in and unpacking things and shuffling things around and trying to find things. I think it's pretty standard, yeah. Finish work about four o'clock and pick up the train across the road, quarter past, and then go to Sandgate, get on the bus there and walk home. It's just about dark now, and get home. It's all pretty quiet really. I'm watching TV, a little bit. Mum was on the phone, mum rang up, hoping to catch up for Mother's Day. We had some Greek lemon chicken soup the night before. I love it. Recipe I found from the last time the Olympics were on I think it was. They had different recipes from different countries in the newspaper. So that was one that I really liked. I've made it quite a few times now. I love this indeed. Well, boil up some chicken stock with some rice, and once the rice is cooked then you can put some chicken in it, and the grated lemon rind. Once the chicken's cooked and the rice is cooked, then take it off the stove, put in some lemon juice and a beaten up egg, and then it's ready to go. It's a bit unusual. It comes out sort of creamy. You must take it off the stove to do the egg, otherwise the egg could cook and become scrambled eggs. Not too nice. It's quite nice. It's fairly early, probably about five o'clock. I do them in bed really, stretching and breathing exercises. They're really good. The Marie Windsor ones. So every morning? No, it's much the same routine in the mornings. And you aim every morning? Yeah, just about. Unless you're not feeling well. Unless I forget. Unless I've slept in or something, which doesn't really happen that often. So when you got up? Yeah. What did I have yesterday? Oh, I had some sourdough toast with tomatoes. And you make the cake? Yeah, I generally do too. That would be the recipe from a new cookbook. It was a strawberry and smoked salmon salad. It's just got some lettuce with it and a little bit of white balsamic vinegar and olive oil. Very nice. Yeah, very nice. I thought it was unusual when I read the recipe, but no, it's really good. I just got a cough. And there's another one of your regulars? It is now, yeah. So you leave home at 6? Yep. How long does the walk take? Oh, only about five minutes. And then train centre? There to Sandgate, yep. About 20 minutes maybe. Yeah, just about. And Sandgate. Sorry, Sandgate's just a bit of a mess at the moment because it's being renovated. Is that a new lift? No, I think that was Cleveland or somewhere. This is on the Shorncliffe line. Yeah. So it makes it difficult getting in and out, right? Oh, just a bit at the moment and it is so dirty. Yeah. Very messy with all the work being done. The whole platform is being demolished so that they can put lifts in. Yeah. So the trains still run on Skid Row? Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. Just lucky too. A lot of people catch it from there. Yeah. So on your bus, do you use the phone or anything like that? I often listen to my iPods. So maybe listening to music. Yeah. Like Fiona Joy Hawkins or Tony O'Connor. They're both a lot of piano music. Yeah, nice quiet music. Instrumental, not songs. And you listen to them? Yeah, I did. Yeah. Oh, just on 7.30. One of you works? That's right. Just a little bit. Yeah. Just need to check the things that he would normally check. That's right. Yeah. Oh, let's see. Probably did at least two brand new ones and a few changes for about eight other ones, eight existing ones. Hmm. We're still trying to work out all the changes to them with the changes to the new police structure. These were changes to one of the HR policies. So we just need to see what other changes are going to be made to it. Yeah. So you finished work at about 4 o'clock? Yep. What time did you get home? About 5.30 I got home. Yeah. Ah, I think she rang about 6.30. I was lucky I'd just finished dinner. Yeah. And you ended up making plans? Yeah, I think we will go down. She's down on the Gold Coast and I'm at Redcliffe. So yeah, we probably will get to see her sometime over the weekend. Yeah. You'll head to Gold Coast? Yeah, I think so. It's easier for her. I hope so. Goodness, it was sprinkling a bit when I was going home yesterday. Yeah. Yeah. Get your umbrella out. Oh no, I had to walk home quickly though. Yeah. So after dinner? No, no, not really. No. No. No. Probably about 8.30 to 9 o'clock. Okay. I'd like to just wake up now. No comment. Do you do 10 minutes? No comment. Do you do a series? No comment. Do you arrive? No comment. No comment. Do you work? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. I'll stop the recording.