 Yesterday I got up and well I'm kind of sleeping on a sleeping bag at the moment because I just moved house from Nambour to Wilston and I haven't really decided which bed to buy yet So it's it's pretty looking like a cabin at the moment, but it's a really nice apartment. So I got up around 630 I had a shower Grabbed it up and go and walked down to the train station At Wilson and the caught the next train into Roma Street where and just walked across the work I actually had a few cigarettes on the way from the corner And then yeah got in early I would like to get in early before my team and do some work Because I have to do all the stats for the amnesty the firearms amnesty. It's on the moment Yeah, pretty much and left around six o'clock after work I looked at my mate and said well, you don't have a drink we went for a drink And then I realized I didn't have any food at home, but had beer at home So I end up going back to my place and we had a few two is new we watched Robbie Williams Concert and we also watched we watched the part parts of the Caribbean Because again, we don't really have the connection for the antenna. So we have just got whatever DVDs we can find So we've already been there. I've only been there a week. So it's it's pretty much ambulance at the moment And then yeah, I am and then didn't really do much put the stuff in the dishwasher. I went to bed Yeah, I set my alarm for about 530 on my HTC mobile and Yeah, usually ignore it for a bit. And yeah, I don't really wake up to the sunlight or anything Yeah, I'm gonna sleeping bag not bad because I do have back problems So I think a hard surface is throwing me the good there is a story about the mattress when we moved from the old place We got the base stuck in the stairwell when we're trying to take it down the stairs We usually are when we got it up there. We were wondering I've been there three years I'm wondering how did we get this bed into the place to start with? But I remember number four open up their door and we used to like move maneuver the mattress around then and get down the stairs But she wasn't opening the door. So we got it stuck So we had to go upstairs and get some hand weights and bash the base to bits We got it into two big pieces. We took it back upstairs and we threw it over the balcony So that's the story of my the ending of that bed. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've slept in worse places. Yes Oh, I have it at home for a go. I usually have cigarettes on the way to the train station Oh, yes, I gotta have a flat white a lot jumbo flat white with two sugars. Yeah. Whoa about a minute I would say about 11 or 12 minutes. Yeah. Oh, yeah, that was a one hour 52 minute trip and it was very boring And I felt very uncomfortable and don't know how people do it people do it from gimpy each day and seriously Hated it. Um, I really I'm really anti technology in the way that I don't like people Um, like you go out or people come over for dinner and they're always looking down at their mobile phones I really feel like having a phone is a bad idea I don't like people looking at their mobile phones. I really feel like having a bowl or something You say put your phones there. We're having dinner. We're having a chat. We're I don't know we're playing whatever Um yuka, um, yeah, just stop playing with your phones. Like yeah, I'd I actually like looking out the window and being How gradually the buildings are being the skyscrapers are moving up in brisbane I don't really like looking doing too much on a computer that I don't have to not i'm anti computer I work on it all day and very good at it. I get home. I don't have anything to do with them I'm going to work to the end of the platform to try and get the first carriage and I will Mostly stand if there's somewhere to sit i'll sit. Yep Well, well, I would have been in around 7 15 Um, I because I don't think our door actually opens on our level till about then. I don't have a key Um, so I should do About that time because we actually then we the hotline starts at 10 o'clock So we're at 10 till six, uh, if I get in too early Um, i'm just my ata is just blown out all week take other time off. So, um, yeah Or I leave early if I start early. Yeah. Yes. I've got to put in a big spreadsheet Um of all the different categories of firearms that have come in. Um from the amnesty Whether they've been held in handed surrendered for destruction or they've been In reregistered, uh, or they're in safekeeping, um and all the different types like paintball guns hand guns centerfire rifles, um Your category r's like a your submachine guns and your grenades and all that kind of stuff Um, uh, and i've got to have that in i've got to really have that email done by 11 o'clock each day Um, because it goes straight up to the it goes through to the minister because the politicians called the firearms amnesty So they want to know if it's a success or not. So if i'm a bit late, I do get emails Where are the stats we're putting them on the internet. We got a media release. So yeah, oh it would have been um, category b centerfire rifles before registration Um, and we also had a whole heap of handguns. Um that were handed in um in the gold coast area But we did some investigating because there was way too many of them Um, and they're actually from a dealer down south though. They weren't from individuals So we didn't count them as part of the amnesty. This is some dealers trying to offload stuff. Yeah Um, only if the team is um, all phones are taken i'll jump in. Oh, yes. I answered about 64 Yeah, um, we well it is kind of a lot but since the media campaign Um has has started up on the radios, uh, and in the newspapers. We're getting a lot of calls each day. Uh, we're getting Um, we're getting two factors every minute and we're getting like 160 emails a day So it's pretty full-on they come to me and my other i'm the other supervisor and we divvy up which ones to answer Yeah, because he's a he's a weapons expert. Uh, and i'm a licensing expert What license how do I keep this gun? What kind of license will I go for or if they want to know? um, what's the action or caliber or Um category of a firearm they might go to him, but i'll kind of know a lot of weapons stuff as well Um, but he's been there nine years so I can't really argue with him. Yes. Uh, no, we said, uh, we actually Um just got brought cigarettes and just took a train back to mine Yeah, yeah because I hadn't been there very long and I was I said well I don't really know I know wilson's a pretty cool area Um, and there's a lot of shops in that around Um, but I hadn't actually taken any notice of what was actually in that little um, uh, I don't know little area. So So the metro the metropolitan or whatever. Um, so I went there and there's like heaps of shops There's like a there's a bottle right down the bottom of my street, which is great. Uh, and there was um, about four restaurants and a coffee club and Many hairdressers and and uh, and a seven day little convenience store. So quite surprised quite happy with where I've moved Yeah, uh, we just had toast. I think it was like Slalen or sli. Oh, I think it's some irish castle or some castle. There's a big field. Um, And there was 18 000 people apparently but looking at it. There seemed to be a lot more than thousand Uh, and he was having a ball. It was a really weird dvd of the person my roommate Um who also works at weapons licensing? Um claire, uh, it was one of her dvds and it was like bits of is like the best It was a really interactive dvd and it was like best bits of the concert on it and some other random Robbie stuff like rock dj and that which very interesting film clip. Um, probably around two o'clock, but that's quite normal for me Yeah, yes. Yeah. I'm a morning person, which is good. This the nicotine wakes me up. Okay, no comment. No comment. No comment No comment no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment