 Yesterday I woke up and had some Vegemite on toast and put the bins in and then you know I got ready, had a shower and all that kind of jazz, went to work, took the train to work. When I got in here I had about three cigarettes over at the park near the building, procrastinating, and then came up in here and checked how many emails we got overnight and there was about 340 emails waiting for us so it took a while to get through them. And yeah one of our team members had a migraine so we turned half the lights off in the room so we had a very we had mood lighting on yesterday. I told her to go home but she would not budge, she wouldn't go home so so we stayed there. I had a visit by our inspector and our manager and they were going out to the police academy for some new recruits or something being enlisted or whatever they do. Then had lunch which was more cigarette and then yeah then just did some statistics for the boss for the rest of the day. I did and then left around, oh we actually did more statistics we did because there's so much stuff we have to do because we do deal with the firearms that have come in during the amnesty. So me and my mate Ben were there till 7.30 last night. So it was kind of past the drinking so we couldn't have a drink after work so we just went straight home. I put a new bed spread and everything on my bed because having a party tonight so make the room look nice. My roommate she done most of cleaning before I got there because I did work late. Didn't watch any TV just had some more cigarettes and went to bed pretty much. Yeah oh around about 6.30 yeah. One of those packet latte things I sit out on the balcony and have a smoke and coffee what people will go to work before me. Yep. No it's pretty much, oh a Vegemite on toast is my standard so yeah I'll have Vegemite on toast while I'm sitting out there having my coffee. Yeah. Oh well probably about a 9.15 train. No quite lucky because I work late, I start work late 10 till 6 so we kind of meet we beat the peak hour so I do get to have a seat on the train which I was quite happy with. Well I don't look at my phone or anything I pretty much just look at the buildings getting built and the cranes in the city. I don't really yeah try not to do anything electronic before I get to work. Oh I'd like to be facing the what direction the train is moving but if not I will I'll sit on the disability seats. Yep. Yes and I will move if there's a disability comes along. Yes. Yes that is a lot. Yes yes yeah. Basic questions about firearms and stuff. No because you can't really you pretty much quote legislation back and write at them as long as you know the legislation you just answer them. Oh yeah yeah pretty much. Yeah oh yes I do do the copy and paste like I do hit the forward button and change everything. Yep yep easy. He just comes in and say hello make sure that we're all there I think. Asks us how we're going what the stats are like for the for the firearms that are coming in. Bit of chat about what he got to the night before that's about it. If he has any meetings on he'll let us know what he's doing he'll let us know pretty much what his day is going to consist of. He leaves us alone. Yeah. If we need him he'll be here today and all there today. Yeah. I'm trying to think I didn't have any food because someone gave me some lollies that she got free they were chocolate coated caramel things that she got free from people handing out stuff at the train. Yeah the origin one so I figured I had origin lollies I really I just need to have a cigarette. It's too tiny my writings too tiny. I can't even read my mates really get angry with me because I can't read the questions from the two new subbies. I have to hand them to them because I don't know I probably need glasses who knows. I did have glasses I used to have glasses so I assume I do need to have glasses. Yeah. When I left the office it was thirteen thousand and eighty five firearms. But I was surprised when we hit five thousand and the reason for that is because there's weapons licenses now there's legislation and you have to get a permit to acquire for each gun that you have on your license and that will reform that were all reforms from the national gun reforms probably they'll legislative changes. So it's a surprise that there's that many still out there and I predicted at the start before it all happened because I wanted to beat the old amnesty I said I'm pushing for a hundred and twenty two guns to come in a day from that statistic of thirteen thousand eighty five so far that means 127 came in a day so it's pretty close to yeah pretty good. Okay usually they ring us up and some people didn't hand them in in 2004 because they didn't really know how to do it safely but you pretty much tell them to remove the bolt obviously the firearms unloaded remove the bolt if it's a shotgun or have the action broken so have it you know broken not a full rigid weapon put it in the boot of your car wrapped in a towel in a gun bag and then when you pull up at the police station attend the counter first I've got a couple of firearms in the vehicle I want to surrender or want to register under the amnesty I'm just gonna go get them we do also tell people if they've parked a fair way away from the front door of the police station I feel uncomfortable still just ask one of the police officers to come out to the vehicle and pick up the firearms. I'm quite happy because a lot of them that was the main that's one of the main frequently asked questions people just not knowing how to get this thing that's illegal or not during the amnesty period but usually is illegal to have without a license like away from their property without getting in trouble that that was one of the main questions that we had yes under the during the amnesty yes you could have an unregistered firearm and not be prosecuted for it that do we do warn people even if you have an unregistered firearm but you have like bolt cutters and a balaclava next to the firearm you're gonna get asked questions and you possibly may get charged and we haven't had any problems we haven't had any negative feedback from police stations about people doing stupid things with their firearms as they come in the only issue we've had is that they've been really busy and some police stations had to put up signs to say please be patient we will get to you because they had they had big line ups in the amnesty yeah no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.