 Yesterday, goodness, I woke up reasonably early, surprisingly. I'd had a lovely weekend. And I woke up early and I thought, right, I can achieve a lot of things this morning before I go to work. So I got three loads of washing done and hung out. I fed my son's fish. I fed the chickens. I had a whole stack of eggs to try and find because I'd been away for the weekend and the chickens' eggs I couldn't find anywhere. So I spent probably about five minutes hunting for eggs. No success. Then I came and got myself ready for work and had my breakfast, made my lunch, then got in the car and drove to the station, got on the train, read a book I'm enjoying on the train for a little while. And it's about a 20-minute train trip. So that was very interesting. At least I had some sort of peace before I started work. Then the train arrived at the station. I hopped off and leisurely wanted to work, thinking, what a lovely place this is. Isn't the weather lovely? Real positive view I had on the world on Monday. Bit weary from the weekend. Got to work and it was a busy, busy day. We've got customers wanting lots of work done before the end of June and they're ringing up now still and they should have contacted us two months ago. So I did all sorts of contact with customers saying, yes, we can do it, no, we can't do it, preparing service offerings, talking to the guys through the day on how they're progressing with their jobs, when their costs are going to come in so that I can then do my next part with it. So my whole day was full of that. At lunchtime, I packed up a parcel for my girlfriend that she'd bought on eBay that needed to be transported from Brisbane to Mackay. So I had a lot of fun with bubble wrap and sticky tape for my lunch hour, making lots of noise in the office. Then I rang a delivery company to come and collect the item. I'll put the address on it. Got the delivery company organized for them to come. Then I went back to work after lunch, more of the same with customers and staff and talking to the management about priorities. I even attended the team meeting yesterday morning too, which I forgot about. That went for about an hour and a half. That's where the management share information and we then report on what we've achieved in the last two weeks. I had other meetings too to attend, but I can't remember the detail of what they were. And then in the afternoon, I walked from work across the bridge to the train station. So that's my 15 minute walk for the day because I didn't get any other exercise in and talk to a friend as I'm walking along. I had the mobile going. So the time passes really quickly. Got on the train, went home. Oh, I didn't go home. I had put the grocery bags in the back of the car. So I then went shopping, went for an hour, shopping, getting groceries. So I've got something in the house for the next week. Came home and packed that out of the car and took it all upstairs. Then went and got all the washing in that I'd put out in the morning. Checked that the chickens were all away safe and sound so the foxes don't get them at night. Then I came up and made myself some dinner, but I must admit it was a takeaway because I was out shopping. So I stuck that in the microwave. Had my takeaway, sat down and thought, right, time to stop. Watched Australian, the Voice, what is it? The Voice program, because I love the music and just listened to that. And then I had a couple of phone calls in between. So I'm listening and talking on the phone. And then I got in the shower and got ready and went to bed and went to sleep. That was yesterday. Would have been about 6.05, roughly. Yes, this morning I slept into quarter to seven. Yes, yes, in between getting ready and cleaning up the kitchen and washing up and stuff like that as well. Three. No, they've got a small coop, but they've got access to the whole backyard. So it's a standard residential block. I think it's about 26 perches. And they just roam free around there, making in all sorts of bushes. And it's all self-sufficient in the backyard. There's fruit trees and banana trees and custard apple, all sorts of fruit stuff. And there's also some arrowroot, which is quite bushy. And I'm all dressed in my work clothes and I'm rummaging underneath the bushes trying to find these eggs. Didn't have any luck at all. Found them this morning when I heard them clucking this morning, I realised where they were and I found a clutch of about 10 of them. Usually, yes, at least there's three chickens and I usually get two eggs a day, but I hadn't got any eggs for probably about three or four days and I wondered where they were. And here they were. Yeah, yeah, yeah, none. I have cereal. So I had a mixture yesterday. I had Wheat Bix and I had almost a Sultana brand. It's not Sultana brand, Sultana Flakes. Brand Flakes with Sultana. Yeah, mixed in together and then a bit of muesli on top. Something like that. Yeah, sometimes I have two boiled eggs and some toast because I've got lots of eggs. I left home, I think it was about quarter past seven. I left home. It's a five minute drive, maybe 10 minute drive to the train station and that's driving, getting out, parking, getting out of the car and being on the platform. So it's about 10 minutes. Yes, because buses are unreliable, inefficient. They either don't turn up, they're late or they're full. Yes, yes. No, because of their unreliability. Yes, yes. Oh, not chapters, a few pages. No, it's 20 minutes. So by the time you sit down, get your book out, open it up and then it was an express actually. So it went from Yerongpilly through to Roma Street. So it was not Roma Street, Park Road. So I missed three or four stations. So it was a couple of minutes shorter than normal. When I can, I just turn up and take whatever train comes along, to be honest. It's a less stressful plan, worrying about which train you're gonna get. As long as I get one. Yes. Oh no, no. I think I got the, I didn't get, I got the 750. I must've left a bit later than that. I must've left probably about half past seven because I got the 750 train, which was the express. Yes, probably, I think I signed on about quarter past eight. No. End of financial year's coming and we deliver network services to three organisations. And we have vendors who supply data carriage services and network equipment that we have to place orders with. So we've got all these people all of a sudden come the 1st of May, oh, we want everything done by the end of June. Normal delivery timeframe is eight to 12 weeks. And they've given us not even, not even six weeks to deliver these things. They should have engaged us two months ago if they wanted this done, but it's just a mad rush for everybody. And it's going to be like that probably for, oh, at least another month. Absolutely. Yeah, very much. Yes. I'll have to count that up. Let me think. One, two. Probably 12 of us. Yes. I had a homemade salad sandwich with corn meat. I had another two. Yes. Yes. The last week I've done that, usually I walk from, cause I work in North Quay. I usually walk to South Roma Street, but I've been doing the South Brisbane one as much as possible. So I at least get some walking in for the day. I had one of those TV dinners, chicken parmigiana and vegetables or whatever it was. Highly unusual for me to eat like that, but I did. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.