 Okay, I got up in the morning and well, I missed the train then I missed the bus. So that was a good start So then I got into work and on the second train and then of course I was sort of had my game plan about how it's gonna have a really great day and of course didn't go very well from There didn't have the concentration that I wanted and yeah, I didn't get my stats And so it was just a bit of a slow sluggish day all around but yeah got got work done But yeah, just not as much as I was hoping because I was probably distracted by missing all the train in the morning Yeah, so they didn't get that the go that I had wanted to oh, yeah But then I went to family dinner and played we've got to play with my niece and the dog So that was good and see my little sweetheart. So yeah, so it was a good day got left over for lunch today So it's a um, no, I just played with the dog saw my brother and my niece Um, we watched in the night garden. Oh, no, we didn't watch. Yeah in the night garden and the hooten giggle thing Yeah, so it was pretty good. And then when I got home, I went straight to bed worked overtime on Sunday Saturday So I was a bit tired so straight to bed and catch up on some rest No, we've um, just got some overtime going at the moment So it was a full day Saturday and so I've only had Sunday off So going out two nights this week and then we've got Um, hopefully overtime again on Saturday and then Mother's Day on Sunday, so I don't think I'll get any days off this week Um, it's getting there at seven o'clock and working all the way through to four and it's just no talking no phones So whereas we normally answer phones being in a call center We don't have to so it good you just have to sit there and not talk to anyone No questions are allowed to be asked You just have to hammer through the work and do Nearly twice as much as you normally get done just hammer it through so it's good because you're not distracted Or you know, you can go get coffee on your break and stuff But yeah, it's sort of the pressures on because you know that you're just there to pump it out. So no, it's um Nominational so if you want to do it, but there's only limited places. So you've got to get in quick and Yeah, they're very stats driven. And so we've got to try and suss out the work that we can do really quickly So we just do that So it a bit of pressure in that and then you've got to keep the spreadsheets really slow So you've got to keep going into that to get your work But then you've got other people going in too So there's a lot of crossover and it just takes time doing that alone and let alone, you know Dealing with system problems with slow spreadsheets that won't keep Saving so that you can work out Oh What's another free bit of work and I can pick that up by the for somebody else jumps in and gets it and then you have To keep refreshing this really slow spreadsheet and it's just yeah get some to you sometimes you sort of go But yeah, it's not too bad So it's it's good though because I mean it now that I'm an a03 it's and it's a full day to not just half a Day, like we used to get at DNA. It's gonna be a lot of money in my pocket. So hopefully They've had about 11 at each the previous time. So probably be about 11 again this Saturday, but yeah, so it's nice It's a small group and it's over a couple of units So we're sort of they're doing different work and guys in the scanning room have to you know Like to shut the door and have music playing over the scanner So it's probably pretty pretty loud in that room. But ours was yes quite quiet except for the one girl who kept asking questions I'm glad you're following that no question wrong She goes, oh, sorry, just another one just another one in the end She asked questions or quite funny, but um few girls had their headphones in whereas I sort of fine I don't know. I just sort of like to hear what's going on So I can't sit with headphones doing too much work But you know, it's good because you just sit there and just pumping it out and make sure you got your big coffee At morning day. Um, yeah, we don't have a lot of money in the budget But because we're so far behind with some things we've we've been given somewhere They're pulling money out of and so to give us another month of over time. So that's good Um, I think when the money runs out, it's probably the main thing. I mean, we're not really attacking the work That's the most oldest it's just them the most advertised workload that there because they spent money on the electronic system So we don't want the electronic work to get behind even though the other works further behind. Well, you know What we've spent the money on will make it look good. So it's um, yeah, but at least look I guess it's work that's getting done So you can't complain it reduces the workload and hopefully in the end we'll get more time to spend on the ones that count So, um, I think it's about quarter to five. Yeah, it's about that fourth. I think what did a fight? So fourth edit yet for 45. Yep. Oh, I think it was more just Um, probably just more that I had Sunday was probably the only day so I was probably sort of I normally get a bit more Organized for myself and I wasn't so it was probably a bit more rushing around with that and like oh Where did I put that and where did I put that? Because I said I didn't have the time to get myself as organized as I thought I was So and decide to clean the handbag out on Sunday, which may not have been the best idea But anyway, we we can start till 9, but I prefer to start earlier and get a bit of a head start on things So yeah, yep had my my porridge and my brocca. So that was good my coffee when I got to work Oh, no, just still at home. So I knew that okay miss that one. We'll go for the bus next Okay, should I left at the bus by now? Okay the next train then They're in opposite directions. So and the bus is a lot closer but going through traffic so it can get held up be like Where's the train? It's good because then it you know It's sort of gonna be on time and you can just sit back and relax and read while it somebody else is driving and there's No traffic and say yeah to train. Yeah knew that was the safest. Oh, yeah, just read my book So that was what I normally do I book or a magazine? Um, I think I got there at just on 730. So that was good I got to start at 730 which isn't too late seven seven and yeah Yeah, I usually aim to get it back quarter past seven seven ish depending on whether I get the bus or the train Um just yeah, we're allowed to work start early and accumulate a bit of flex time So it's nice to sort of be in there and get things done when it's bit quieter before everyone starts ringing Yeah, I was after 15 and I only got 11, but yeah in doing that, you know It as long as you're doing the hard cases I guess you know because when we're doing the overtime you're trying to take all the easy cases to rush through but Yesterday I had all the hard cases all the ones where you got to call them and request this or you know Where's this and and it's just a lot of mucking around with the harder ones Whereas, you know the easy ones you fly through them But these are the ones that are all the mucking around that everybody pretends They don't see and they just sit there and sit there and somebody's got to do them. So yeah, they have to be done 23 yeah quicker. Yeah, that's a during the week off to take into account people being on phone calls And easy and hard ones and follow-ups that you know where you just have a quick call To where you have to fully assess it and put it in the system So it gives you that supposed to be a sort of a figure of what they think you can do with either or um, they want it to be set in stone, but Yeah, it's kind of set in stone But they're a bit flexible because obviously things you know If you've got meetings or if you've got a really involved one that then takes a couple of hours You're missing out on the time to then go in and do something else But they're kind of really pushing it to be that way So I sort of feel bad when I don't get it because I know I'm not getting it That but you know You sort of know that you've gone in and you've solved that you've done that and you've pushed this one forward and it's now easy To do so I sort of still feel good that I've helped someone so um I ended up leaving at four So and then I raced out and jumped on the bus to with dad to mom and dad. It's just four of us Yes, she cooked a lovely pasta with the tomato sauce and then she tried this nigella Lawson recipe for this chocolate mousse II thing with white chocolate on top. It was absolutely delicious So that was good Something just keep going on about it being bitter because it was something in it that was supposed to make it offset the sweetness But yeah, it was still really sweet and she made big pots of it. So I was just sitting there being cut So yeah, yeah mom and dad's dog. Yep little dash and gorgeous mini dash and Mini, but what she makes up for in height she makes up for in length. So don't give them credit They are a good very dangerous, bro Yeah she likes some in the night garden and giggle and hoot and all those sort of shows that are on about that time that are designed for the kids and And there's some weird stuff in those shows, but you just sort of the kids must love it So you just go with it and you sit there and watch them and learn the characters So she gets so excited because you know, upsie-daisy and eagle piggle and all of them So, um, I think we left there about 730. No, I just I'll text my emails Because I'm waiting for an email from my landlord Or real estate and then just jumped into bed tried to catch someone's little sleep for today. Ah, probably about 969 okay. Okay. No comment. I comment no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment, no comment, no comment.