 Just trying to think what I did. Oh yeah, that's right. Okay, well first of all I got out of bed, got myself ready. I was able to leave a bit later as I had a focus group first thing up at work. So that started at eight. So I thought it would be easier just to come in later rather than starting earlier. So they're introducing these focus groups at work to try and help with the productivity and try to help work, you know, how we get on with each other and make it a better workplace. So we got to talk for two hours about things we'd like to improve in the workplace, have a bit of a bitch, go through what we think is wrong with our supervisor, well, not so much directly, but you know, any issues with training supervisors, how they perform, how we work, things like that to improve business. And yeah, so it was quite good. We had a gentleman come in from HR and he was rather funny and like, seemingly seven foot tall and big black fella. So, you know, he was a bit intimidating to start with. But yeah, no, it was good because we had a good group of people. So we put ideas forward on how to improve things. Yeah, some people were a bit more sort of open-minded than others, but you get that everywhere, I guess. So yeah, so we did that for two hours. Then I had to come back to the office, had morning tea, then came back to the office and was on my phone day. So I had to answer crazy people who ring us in and well, they're not all crazy. But yeah, I took calls for the rest of the day telling people over and over again that, I'm sorry, your applications haven't been actioned, they're in the queue, no timeframes, the usual story for every single customer. So yeah, so I did that. Some get cranky, some don't, some are okay. So yeah, so I did that for the rest of the day and stayed back a little bit to make up some of the time because we're allowed to do half an hour ATA every day. So since I started a bit later, I stayed back to do that. Then I went home and made myself a lovely fish and chips for dinner with some wine and yeah, watched a bit of TV and went to bed early. So yeah, pretty average day. I wake up at five, quarter to five, yeah. Yeah, I try to get up between 4.30 and quarter to five so I can get the early train to get into work early so that I can make up more ATA. Yeah, because I didn't have to be there till eight, so I sort of just left, caught the later train and walked around, had a look at a few shops before I went into work and bought my milk on the way to work so that was good for my coffee. But yeah, and stopped at the coffee shop and got a huge coffee on the way in. Yeah, it was nice. Yeah, had breakfast every day at home, made it easier. I just had a bowl of porridge. Yeah, bowl of porridge and the brocca. Nice to get my vitamins and get my oats. Give me all the energy for the day. 6.30 to get the 6.47 train. Yes, it's about 10 minutes really quick and 15 minutes really slow, so I sort of do myself 15 minutes and then I can go as fast or quick as I like. No, it's always the every stops train, which isn't too bad of money, 25 minutes out of the city. So it gives me enough time to read some pages in my book and yeah, then you're at work and not too bad. April Fool's Day. Oh, it's a Bryce Courtney, not Jeffrey Archer. Yeah, three quarters. Yeah, yeah, got my milk and some toilet paper. I got in about five to 10 to eight, so I put my lunch in the fridge, put the milk in the fridge and then quick bathroom stop and then grab my book and notepad and head down for the focus group. I think we had about just over half a dozen, probably nearly 10 people in there. It was good because they've put us all with our own levels. So all the supervisors were together and the police were together and the threes and twos were together, which was good. So we could openly sort of share issues and they had a couple of us from every team. So that was good too. So you got to get the feeling that everyone had the same issue. You sort of weren't alone in your team and what you were dealing with. So that was good. This is a one-off just so that, because we're implementing new procedures and new systems and then we found out that they'd done it twice over the last five years and nothing had come from previous ones. So I was like, oh, we were so hopeful. But now that there's a bit more pressure to make things more streamlined and more productive, it might actually something happen this time. No, afterwards. I had some damper. Yes, I made some on the weekends. So I sort of just took it in with the golden syrup butter I made and yeah, I had morning tea with another coffee. We get anywhere between about 30 to 45 calls a day, depending on how busy it is. No, the team's divided up into two. So we have half of us on the phones and half of us off the phones. So that, and we've got, when you're on the phones, you're usually doing your follow-ups, but if you're off the phone, you could be doing paper applications, YO applications, ministerials. So it's trying to cover, rostered so that we can do, get everything done. Yeah, I took 34. So even losing the time with the thing. So yeah, we had a few calls. Yeah, because I missed an hour and a half of the phone. So if I'd still been there for that hour and a half, I would have probably gone over 40 calls. 434. Yeah, I caught it to the stop before. I know actually I caught a bus instead cause I'm wanting to do more exercise. So I caught a bus and then got off earlier and then walked home. So it increased my walking. Different ways to walk. Train, yeah. It's not the closest to me, but it is the easiest cause the trains are, you know, not in traffic and they're on time all the time. So the train's the easiest way to go, but yeah, I've got a number of buses that go near me. So depending where I get off, I get different walks. So I like to walk in the afternoon. So yeah, it gives me a bit of exercise. Half an hour. No, I had frozen chips and then I bought some fresh fish and crumbed it. Yeah. Barramundi. Yeah, I watched some shows I taped on Sunday night. So I watched Castle and Elementary. Yeah. Yeah. 8.30. Yep. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.