 Okay, so yesterday I woke up. I was staying at my dad's place because I live up north in central Queensland So I brought my son down this week. I had the day off work Because I needed to do some things with my son So we'd gotten up at 7 about 7 6 37 to get ready and my son who is 12 had to go to a specialist appointment, which I thought was at Chermside and Thankfully before we left at about 8 o'clock My stepmother had said check the address and it was actually in Paddington so we then my son and I quickly got into the car and Sat in traffic for the next hour in order to get to Paddington where we had a specialist appointment for him Which was very good. We got some answers on some health issues that were Affecting him. So that was great. I paid for that and then Had spoken to my partner on the phone about what we're going to do and how we were going to approach things We needed to get some blood tests done. So we drove from Paddington back to Carindale Carindale shopping center um and I took my son to the shopping center and we went off to Medicare where we you know put our claim form in and did that process and had a bit of lunch upstairs. We've had some Chicken kebabs for lunch my son and then Trying to build him up to go and get a blood test because he doesn't like blood tests. So then we went off To the Sullivan Nicoletti's, you know center so we could get blood tests done Which was a little bit traumatic because he doesn't like it So they had to get some two nurses to hold him while we had the blood test done But he managed to survive and get through through that So after that he had to have some medication and so we went to the chemist and got that script filled out We went back home to pala bar. So we drove back home to pala bar Yeah, the medication meant that he needed to lie down for a while So we gave him that medication and then watched a movie together. So we watched rise of the Guardians Which is one of his favorite movies, which he got for his birthday, which was last week. So We watched that together and then he had to have ongoing medication to noon. I'd also gone down To go to the bank and do a few things at the shop later on that afternoon came back and You know, my son was still needing to do things So I was doing that and caring for him and later that evening We had dinner with my dad and and stepmom at their place They she cooked dinner and my son helped her cook dinner And then we washed him walked up after that and got ready for bed and showers and all things And then so how do you know I planned the day off? Yep I'd set my alarm for quarter past six. I usually wake up around that time anyway So I just woken up and then I wait for the alarm to go off and then I turn the alarm off Yeah. Yes, so I had some weeping and my son had some peanut butter on toast. No, I didn't I haven't drunk coffee for two Months, I've given up coffee. Yes, it's good actually. Well, I forget every now and then I want one, but no, it's been pretty good Yeah, I drink tea. All right, if I really want something in a coffee cup, I get a hot chocolate Yep. Yes, that's right So probably about ten to eight when my dad's partner who is a taxi driver said I'll tell you how to get there I went and got the address and realized it was in Paddington, which is nowhere near Chermside Would it have been longer? I know it would have been quicker to go to Chermside because we've gone over the gate, right? So it was sitting in the city traffic to get across the city. Yeah, we just got there about five minutes to spare I'm ten past nine. No, we walked straight in actually was pretty good. Ah That's probably about 20 minutes that drive. Um, we had a look at a couple of shops So I went and had a look at best and less because I wanted to get some new pajamas for my son But he wasn't feeling too well, so we'd stay long and just left after that. Yep I had a lamb kebab My son had a chicken kebab and didn't like it because he would go into all it while I ordered it and I've got garlic Yogurt on it instead of barbecue sauce So you only ate about half of it? Yep. No, we walked straight in for the blood test. So that was good But it just took a little while because he doesn't like blood tests. So yeah Yes, that's right. Uh, probably another 10-15 minutes to Capella. Yeah, I hadn't seen it before my son seen it quite a few times Uh, so that was the first time I watched it with him, which was good. No, it was all right It was a bit funny usual kids movie. Yeah Yes So after that when I needed to go down to the bank and just do a couple of little things and yeah Did that went try to go to the post office forgot what I needed at the post office. So I came back home again Yeah, so you went to the post office? Yeah, I drove to the post office and I'd forgotten what I needed to bring to the post office. So drove back home Uh, no, we were we got home and then we spent some time just chatting and then we helped cook dinner. Um, what did you know? we had um steamed vegetables with a like a roasted mushroom thing and sausages with gravy, uh, we did we watched the seven o'clock news and I watched the 7 30 report and And uh after that, I think I watched a bit of the end of the biggest loser and that was about it. Um Question. Well, I remember lee sales was interviewing peter costello and they were talking about budget implications Um, I had went off to bed probably 9 30. Okay, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Okay