 So Monday morning, I drove to work yesterday rather than catching the train. So I was up. I got to sleep in a little bit. I slept in, I think, till about quarter to five and hopped up and got ready for work fairly quickly. Put a load of washing on, took a load out of the dryer and then jumped in the car to drive in. It was sprinkling a little bit at that stage. So I always worry when I leave home and it's raining because my husband rides a motorbike to work. And while we've got another car, he tends to leave that because my eldest daughter uses it. But anyway, so you'd noticed it was raining a bit. Drove into the city and parked across the road at the transit centre because sometimes I park up on Countess Street when I get in nice and early. But because I was going to be staying late at work, I decided I'd park across the road and pay a bit more for the parking. Came over here. I was here at work a little bit later. So it was probably about quarter past six, I think, when I got into the office. And came up and had breakfast, my usual breakfast of the Vita Brits and peaches and a bit of yoghurt yesterday. Pardon me. And my work day, I was a bit quiet early on in the day. So I did one of those horrid tasks that you should do more often and went through all my emails in my inbox and my sent folder and all my folders to try and reduce the size of my email that I, well, you know, improve the capacity of my email account. So it had been a while since I'd done that, particularly the sent folder. So I went through and did some tidying up there. We were also back on the videos that were waiting to get approved for our Suncorp grant. Those had been sent up to the Commissioner's office on late Friday afternoon. So I wanted to try and get them sorted yesterday to let Suncorp know that there was no changes needed because they've got one more editing session they can use this week, if need be, to make any changes that the hierarchy might want made to those. But not that I'm expecting there to be any dramas with that. But so, yes, I made a call to the Commissioner's office to talk to the Chief of Staff about that, and he wasn't available. So I left a message. I worked, actually, I didn't have lunch until a bit later because the reason I drove in yesterday was I was having dinner with some girlfriends last night. So rather than going home and coming back into the city, I just stayed in the city. So because I knew I was going to be at work until five o'clock, I thought I'll have a later lunch. I had leftovers for lunch again. So I had some curry chicken that I'd made for hubby and I on Saturday night while everyone else was out. We had a nice curry. So I had some leftover of that. Tried to read, because normally at lunchtime I'll read my e-reader, but unfortunately, as soon as I turned, well, got it out of my bag, I realised that the battery was flat. So because it charges through the computer and I have to, my computer cords at home rather than here at work, I had to find something else to do to amuse myself while I had my lunch. So I used the phone, a book app on my phone and downloaded a free book and started reading a new book on my phone instead. So I did that. And then after lunch, I did some more chasing around on the videos. It had gone from the commissioner's office down to media and public affairs. He'd already seen them all. And the commissioner's office had said just a deputy needed to approve it. So I was trying to sort out from the email trial whether it had gone to the deputies for approval or not. And then the other issue we had to consider is letting the minister know about it. So I ended up contacting the staff officer at the deputy's office to say, well, you've been cc'd into this. You know, is it right for the deputy to approve it as is or do you want me to tidy it up? Because you get those huge chain of emails and it can be a bit messy to follow what's going on. But he was happy with that. So I'm still waiting to hear back from that office, say, before I forward it on to the ministerial liaison officer and see what he wants to do for the minister. So that was work. I don't think there was anything else exciting work-wise happened yesterday. I thought, because I'm staying in late, I thought I'll catch up with my boss. I had another issue I wanted to talk to her about. But while I was on the phone to the deputy's office, she left at 4.30. So I missed her yesterday afternoon after all of that. So I worked till about 5 o'clock. During the day, I'd had to tee up with my girlfriends what we were doing last night, because one had come up from Sydney for work and we were catching up with her and another friend and I that live here in Brisbane. So there was emails and phone calls back and forwards during the day, sorting out where we were going and how we were getting where we were going and all those sorts of things. So I left work at 5 o'clock because we'd decided we were going to... While my friend from Sydney was staying out at Springwood, she caught a taxi into South Bank and we had dinner at South Bank, as my other friend works in the city as well. And then I dropped everyone home. So we met up at a nice little Spanish restaurant in Little Stanley Street called Olay. And I'd been wanting to go to this place for so long. So I was quite pleased when we made the arrangements to have dinner in the city rather than go out to Springwood to our friend. So I finally got to go there and my girlfriends were both late getting there. So I was there by about 5.30. So I got myself a drink and did some Facebook and read some more of my free book I'd downloaded while I waited for my girlfriends to arrive. We had a lovely catch-up. I had a nice meal, had the Spanish paella and some little tapas. Octopus one and I'm not sure what the other one was. My girlfriend ordered those. And then we decided we needed some... One of my friends had work to do when she got home, so she wanted a coffee. And rather than having something at the Spanish place, we went over to Max Brenner, to the chocolate place at South Brisbane and had hot chocolates. And lined up in the queue there with all the uni students. I think they were, because we were the oldest people in Max Brenner at that hour of the night. So lined up and had our hot chocolates and I had a brownie with some ice cream as well. And we were quite funny, all these three old ladies sitting around with our phones. One of our girlfriends is not very good with her mobile phone. So trying to teach her how to use Facebook. And then I was teaching the other one how to use Instagram. And yeah, it was quite hilarious seeing us sitting around playing with our phones. So yeah, we decided it was probably just before nine and my girlfriend that lives here in Brisbane lives at Buranda. So we dropped her off at her place. And we're busy making plans for a big get together next year with a couple of other friends that live outside of Brisbane because we're all, well not all of us, a couple of us are turning 50 next year. So we've decided we're gonna have a girls weekend. We did that a number of years ago now at Noosa. The friends that live in Canberra and Sydney came up and another friend that was up north all got together and had a night in Noosa quite a few years ago now. So we've decided we're gonna do that again next year to celebrate our birthdays. And so we were making plans about that as well through the evening. And then I just took Helen out along the freeway to Springwood and popped her home. I was home by about, probably about half past nine, 20 to 10, packed the dishwasher, which hadn't been done. Everyone else was in bed. I couldn't believe everyone was in bed when I got home, normally my two girls in particular are night owls, so they'd all obviously tired. And packed the dishwasher, charged my e-reader, put it on to charge so I'd have it for the day on the train. And what else did I do? I think that was it, I had a shower, I'm put into bed by about, I think it was 11 o'clock when I got to bed. That was my day. So you're up, eh? Yes. A bit of a sleeper. Yes, yes. You're early. Yeah. The drive to work, how long is that? Actually, I was quite surprised because when I drive in, it's normally half an hour, if that, at that hour of the day. But because I left a bit later than I normally do, the traffic was actually a lot thicker, even at quarter past five in the morning, it was like, why is there peak hour traffic at this hour of the day? But it was probably just over half, maybe a bit over half an hour, yeah, I think. I left home at 5.30, yeah, just over half an hour. All the tradesmen, I think, are out and about at that hour of the day. So, came in. So you parked at the transit, did you get that early bird parking? Yes, and actually I'd had some other vouchers to get another discount on top of that, but because I haven't parked over there for so long, when I went to pay yesterday afternoon, you put the second voucher in and that gives you $5 off, but it had expired. So I had to pay the full $20 for early bird, which I thought, goodness me, $20 is still expensive, so I won't be parking there too often. Yes, yeah. So did you have your breakfast? Yes, pretty much yesterday, yeah. Oh, most of the morning. It took me all morning yesterday to do that. I'm still actually doing a bit of it today. You've compressed it all? Well, I've got it tidied up a lot now, yeah, which will be good for the next couple of months, hopefully it'll see me through. I know I'm gonna have a lot of emails coming in that are big and I need to have an empty mailbox, basically, so that I can receive all these applications we'll get from the grant scheme, because they'll get emailed to me, so I know they're gonna be big, and a lot of them. Yes, yes, so I'm getting ready for that. And then the videos are? Well, no, I'm still waiting to hear back from the deputy's office, so once I get that back, we'll flick it. We're not looking for approval from the minister. Once the deputy's approved it, I'll let Suncorp know, but then I'll let the minister's office know, and they can decide if they want a proper ministry or briefing note, or if they're happy just to see the electronic files and have a look at them that way. Yeah, we didn't know, and a couple of changes that we'd suggested, Suncorp's made those, yeah, and clarified a couple of points. So yeah, they look really good, so I'm quite excited about them. So yeah. And will they be on TV? Yeah, one of them will be. The 30-second ad will be on TV, and then all the other two to three-minute videos will be on the website, advertising the grant scheme, so people that are interested in applying can see what other people have done. So yeah, it'll be good. So you had a late lunch? Oh, probably about 12.30, I think it was. And will it last? It lasts a long time, so that's why I didn't notice that it was even running low. I mustn't have read much on the weekend, because normally I'll notice it if I read at home, and because I didn't catch the train in yesterday, I didn't notice either. But yeah, it lasts weeks, usually, so it's quite good on batteries. So you downloaded, are you enjoying that book? Oh yeah, it's a free one, so they're usually pretty ordinary, but it kept me amused while I was having lunch and while I was waiting for my friends last night. So you finished it, did you drive? Yes, yes, so I paid for the parking and drove over, and I was really lucky, actually, because I wasn't sure where on Little Stanley Street the restaurant we'd booked to go to, or where we were going to was, and there was a spare car park, and I thought, oh, I'll park here and try and find it, and paid for the parking, and then I looked up from where I'd paid for the parking, and there was the restaurant right there, so I did really well. I was at the right end of the street for where we were going. So that worked well. No, no, and really enjoyed it, it was lovely. Yeah, the food was great. So I've had a couple of other times I've supposed to go there, and the girlfriends have cancelled, or things have changed and we've gone somewhere else, and so I was pleased to finally get there. So it was very nice. And so Max Brenner after dinner, did you sit down? No, we sat down, so yeah, I hadn't actually, I'd been in there before, but I'd never had anything there before either, so it was like, I was excited to finally try it. I don't know that I'd rush back there again, so the hot chocolate wasn't very hot, I didn't think, but maybe that was because we were too busy talking instead of drinking, I don't know. And the brownie was nice, but yeah, I wouldn't rave about it. So yeah, I can say I've been there. So I'm gonna ask a serious question. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Wonderful.