 Oh no, I'll tell the truth. Okay, so yesterday morning was a 4.20 wake up and usual deal, rush around and get ready for the train in time for leaving home at 10 to 5. I had a load of washing to transfer from the washing machine to the clothes dryer before I left, so I did that. Made some lunch for the youngest daughter and left that on the bench for her. Last hubby in the corridor as he was just getting up I was leaving and went down to the train station. Bit of excitement at the train station yesterday morning. I passed a police vehicle coming out of the road going into where the train station is, didn't think too much of it. And then when I got there, there was two other cars in the car park and the guy that I'd passed went round the other side and there's a parkland opposite the train station. So they were over there with their spotlights on driving around the parkland, obviously looking for someone or something, not too sure what that was about, but that was a bit of excitement to start the day off. Got into work and had my breakfast. What else did we do yesterday? See, I never remember anything about work. It's always the family stuff I remember. Yesterday what was I working on? We're getting ready for this launch of the Suncorp grant scheme, so I've been doing a bit of work. Oh, that's right. They've had filmed some video footage of past recipients of this grant that we give out and had been around and done some film footage to put together little clips, two to three minute clips for promoting the grant scheme as we come up to the next round of it. So I had seven or six of those to look at yesterday and then two short 15 second video for TV ad and a 30 second TV ad to have a look at. So I viewed those and picked up a couple of things we weren't 100% happy with, sent it down to media and public affairs for them to have a look at so that we could get them back to Suncorp before they get the final sign off from the QPS for those. So that was something a bit different yesterday. Had some lunch at about 11.30, so I had leftovers that my daughter had cooked the night before for dinner, which was nice. And that was about it for work day. I don't even can't remember what else I did, but I did have the boss asked me to chase up something that we'd been looking to talk to the watch house inspector, but he's been a bit hard to get a hold of now that we've we're chasing up stuff for the minister by the end of the month. So he's not back in the office till Thursday. And we're starting to search for some statistics for breach of bail by juvenile offenders. The government's currently looking at amending or updating the Juvenile Justice Act. When we'd provided some advice to justice and attorney generals on their proposals and in preparation and given the headlines in the Courier Mail yesterday around juvenile justice, youth justice issues, we've decided to chase up the stats from stat services on breach of bail where young people that are on bail will either breach their bail conditions so they might have a condition that they're not allowed to be out after midnight or they're not allowed to go to certain shopping centres. And so we're looking to see how many of them have breached those conditions, but then also those that have breached their bail by committing other offences while they're on bail. So I contacted my contact at stat services and she's trying to get that together for us. So yeah, finished at two o'clock and yesterday I went home and picked the youngest one up straight from school. She had an appointment at four o'clock with a dietician. So Malika was coming actually to our house to have a chat to Tara. So it was a quick turnaround. We got home, she had a quick snack and then we spoke to Malika for an hour about looking at how we can improve Tara's diet. She doesn't eat meat anymore, so we were a bit worried about her iron levels getting too low. So she's still eating seafood. So she's called a pescatarian and so yeah, Malika was going to give us a hand with looking at how she could have more energy during the day based on what she's eating. And then we raced from that back to school. She had to be back at school after five for another dress rehearsal for the school production of Cats, which they're doing this coming weekend or this from Thursday onwards actually. And she had to be back at school to do the makeup for some of the performers in that production. So she did that and then I raced home after dropping her off and Hubby and the eldest daughter had just got home from, because they'd gone out while we had the dietician there. And my husband mentioned that the eldest one, who I thought was making dinner for us again, was actually going out. She had a work meeting for half an hour, a staff meeting at work, and then one of her friends was picking her up and taking her into the pancake manor for dinner. So it was just Hubby and I for dinner last night. And so yes, I grabbed takeaway on the way home from dropping off the eldest one at her work meeting. And we had some dinner, watched my one TV show that I watch, which is Home and Away, and watched that. Actually, you know, I sat for a little while then and did some crocheting with Hubby before I had to go and pick up the youngest one from school at quarter past eight. So I drove over to school again and for the third time that day, picked up the youngest one. Actually, I had to sit in the car park for a while because she didn't have a watch on us. I didn't know what time it was. Anyway, she came out and then that was basically it for me for the day. I came home, fed the cats, put a load of washing on, didn't have to do the dishwasher because we'd had takeaway and yeah, had a reasonably early night. That's my day. Another busy day. Yes. So you're up each? Now you had to put a load of washing on. The night before, yes. Usually do that, put it on and set it to start during the night so it doesn't, well, so it's not using water while people are having showers and that sort of thing. So set the timer on the washing machine before I go to bed and then run in, take a load, half of that load out, put it in the dryer, set it on a timer so it doesn't start straight away at four o'clock in the morning and wake up the daughter that sleeps next door to the laundry. And yeah, throw it in there and then ask her to put the other load in later in the day. Yeah, only if I ask them to. Do you get them from work occasionally and it's still on the washing machine? Yes, definitely. How about yesterday? Yesterday, well I spoke to her during the day so I called her during the day and asked her to do that job for me and unpack the dishwasher from the night before. So those two jobs were done yesterday, which is good. So you left at what time? It's only five o'clock, the train leaves, so it's only a five minute drive usually. So did you hear anything? No, actually I didn't and I could have asked here and found someone here to find out and I was almost tempted to ask the station master this morning what was going on, but I thought oh, it's not that important. Actually, I had quite an eventful day with the train yesterday because I forgot to mention on the ride home and the train yesterday, I had some young people hop on and one of them was obviously off his face on something and his mates were saying, what did you take? What did you take? And yeah, he was all over the place. So he was a poor kid and he said he'd taken a naughty pill and then he proceeded to sit in front of me because they were both... and then the girl moved over with one of the other friends away and left him on his own and he's hugging the wall of the train and yeah, so it was quite sad. And then he went over and sat with them again and you're thinking gosh... and he looked like a good kid. He didn't look scruffy and like some of them you can tell live rough, but this boy didn't necessarily look that way, but he was obviously off his face on something. So it was an eventful day on the train. Yeah, lovely. So in the morning, sun started to come up, or is it still completely dark? No, no. This time of the year it's dark almost even as I'm crossing the road to come over here. It's just on daylight as you're coming across. So you train to repeat, do you read a book? What did I do yesterday morning? It depends on whether I've got a Wi-Fi train. Sometimes I'll hop on Facebook or whatever in the morning if I've got a Wi-Fi train. I can't remember what I did yesterday morning, whether I did a bit of... I think I'd finished off all the crocheting I had. I might have had a bit of crocheting that I was still doing or reading. I've got my e-reader with me all the time. So I can't remember. So how long does it take? It's about 50 minutes. So I get in at about quarter to 10 to 6. Same as I always do, a couple of wheat bix, some tin peaches and my almond milk and a barocca. Did you mix it up? I did actually this morning. It's funny you should say that because I thought I didn't use my almond milk because I'd finished off the container I had of it yesterday and I opened it, the skinny milk, and I had some yogurt as well as the last of the peaches. So yeah, I did mix it up a bit today. So you put the peach... Yep. Wheat bix and yogurt and a bit of milk just to mush it up. So you were going through the promotional videos yesterday. Was that in... Yes. Well, there was... I think there was six and then the two small, shorter ones, the 15-second one and the 30-second one. So I think there was seven all up. There must have been five for the actual grants and then the two separate ones or maybe six and yeah, but there was a few. Were there any that were fine as is or did all of them... Yeah, no, they were all pretty good. I mean, the one we'd seen previously, we'd made a couple of comments on and had those changes made and it was sent back to us to have a look at. There was one that had a car registration plate you could clearly identify and we'd identified that in the previous, another version of a different grant and they had permission from the owner. So we're right with that one. And there were, other than that, there really wasn't... To make sure that they had permissions of every, all the children that were photographed as part of the videos, which they will have done, but we're just raising that to make sure that that has been done and I'm sure it will have been. But other than that, they look really good. Yeah. So they're quite nice. They're done in a nice style, relaxed style, talking about the grant they received and what it's meant for the community and what they've done and yeah, it's really quite nice. So there's created by... Well, they employ someone to do it, so they use a creative, a filmmaker to do that for them and put them together. So yeah, and they pay for all of that. None of that's coming out of QPS money. So it took you lunch at 11.30, so what was your lunch? She'd made a pasta dish with, it was basically a cabanara, so it had mushroom and cream and bacon in it and we'd had that that night because Tara wasn't home. She was at school with cats and she doesn't eat meat, so we tried to, we've got another vegetarian pasta dish Dana was going to make and then once we realised Tara wasn't going to be home for dinner, she decided to make the bacon one instead. So it was very nice. Always is when you don't have to cook it yourself. Yeah, definitely. And then in the afternoon, work is done. Have you got borrowers to do anything? No, no. Look, we've given them a couple of weeks to do it because I don't know how easy it will be for them to access and I don't even know whether they'll be able to get them all and I said that to my boss that I'm not sure what they can get out of Q Prime and what they'll be able to easily access, so we'll have to wait and see. And out of it, are you allowed? Yeah, I think it's going to be, we're going to use it because there'll be a cabinet submission that has to go forward to make the changes to the Juvenile Justice Act and while we're not driving that, while JAG is the Justice and Attorney-General Department will do the cabinet submission, we'll be looking to supplement the information for them as part of that submission. So we're collecting it, I guess, in advance of having to do the work on that cabinet submission. So you finished about today? And was the train pretty much there? Yeah, I usually have a little bit of a wait, so yeah, just start reading my book or, and I think I did do that yesterday, I was reading my book yesterday afternoon and I put my headphones on then once I had the young people that were quite disruptive. I don't usually put my headphones on and listen to music but I did yesterday when I knew there was going to be some carry on from them. So easy work? No, no, just in a two-seater and they were in the two-seater in front of me and then the two-seater beside me, so yeah, I don't necessarily want to listen to what they're going on with so I'll put the music on and turn it up loud. Yeah, so leaving the two-seater? Yes, yep. And the dietary? Yes, well we didn't want to make too many changes all at once and so we're focusing this week on improving her breakfast so that she's getting more carbohydrate first thing in the morning. And this morning she's had egg on toast, I boiled her an egg last night so that was already done for her and she could have egg and avocado on toast this morning. Just and making sure she's taking better snacks to school during the day, so we'll work on that for a week and see how we go. And is it just a personal or a dish? It's a personal choice. I think there was a number of things last year, in science they dissected a cow's heart and some of the kids were a bit gross with that, making fun of it and sticking their fingers in the holes in the heart or whatever and being silly. So that turned her off I think to a certain extent. And then one of her friends was also a vegetarian so I think her comments, Julia's comments on top of this science session, she decided she wasn't going to eat meat anymore. Luckily she still eats the seafood because otherwise it would be a lot harder I think. So we eat lots of tuna and she'll eat calamari and prawns and fish so try and incorporate a lot of that and then more veggies. So then you dropped her back off for the dress rehearsal of Cats. No, just drop her and run. And then what takeaway did you want? KFC, my husband's favourite. I was going to go through and get Subway because we've got a drive-thru Subway near us which is fabulous but I can't be bothered so I just got a wrap from KFC as well. Good healthy eating after speaking to the dietician. And then you watched your home video. Yes. So you did a bit of the work. I'm working on a big ripple rug so it's different coloured wools done in a ripple pattern. So just a nice lap rug. I don't know who will end up with it eventually when I finish. It will probably take me years to finish. But I'll do a few rows of that sometimes if there's anything worth watching on TV. So Peter was on an amazing race I think was on for a little while so I sat for half an hour and did that until I had to go and pick Tara up. Quarter to ten probably I think so that's a reasonably early night for me. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.