 Okay, yesterday morning. Oh, that's right. I had an extra early start yesterday morning when the cat started scratching on the garage Cat flap and flicked it open. So it started banging against the the Blockage we've got there so he doesn't bash into the house during the night. So that was at about 3 30 I think so I hopped up and let the cat out and And then went back to bed for half an hour because I normally get up at four o'clock. So up at four o'clock I'm showered and ready for work and onto the train at five five o'clock yesterday morning So at the moment I'm doing some crocheting while I'm on the trains rather than reading which is what I normally do But I've got a baby shower to go to so I'm frantically finishing off some crochet So I look like a little crazy old lady on the train doing my crochet got to work at 6 and What else did I get up to yesterday? Oh, this is going to be tricky to think about what I actually did um, we what do we have on yesterday? Oh I had a Juvenile Justice Act changes that we're giving some advice to jag on so I had some Documentation that I'd finished on that that was with my supervisor and unfortunately, he was away ill yesterday So I had to reroute that because it was due yesterday at Jag's I did some work on that The other thing I'm busy working on at the moment is I look after the Suncorp safer Queensland community grant scheme for the Queensland Police, so I'm doing a lot of negotiating backwards and forwards with Suncorp around some advertising they're getting ready to do to promote the Next round of the grant scheme. So we got to see the first draft footage that had been filmed Last week to promote that so I do liaison with the media and public affairs branch on that and Had a meeting with media and public affairs about a whole range of logo Approval process at the moment. There's a bit of confusion within the service about who What the process is for approving the use of the Queensland Service? Badge and then we've got a joint badge that a logo that we use with the badge and Suncorp for this grant scheme So a lot of projects that are funded through that if they want to use that logo We have to get an approval process up to the deputy Which we've just actually had the deputy approve that we don't have to go all the way up to him now So that's one less layer of approval process for those But yes, certainly media public affairs are looking at improving the way the policy is written around police officers using the Badge and also if they get funding from our projects or from our grant schemes and I look after two different ones Then making them aware of what the process is particularly for the badge and for advertising So we funded someone in the last round of funding from our crime prevention fund to do a big billboard On the roadside for road safety issues, and I didn't realize that that all has to go up through Department of Premier and Cabinet So we're just looking at adjusting the policy that so that it's clearer for everyone about what they need to do. So had that meeting Oh What else did I do? I had my lunch and did do some reading I don't want to look like an old granny knitting crocheting at the desk at work So I did read a bit of my novel at lunchtime yesterday and then Finished up yesterday afternoon. I finish at 2. I work 6 to 2 and headed home on the train to What was yesterday? Tuesday I picked my daughter up from school because she doesn't have any training or anything on after school I picked her up at 3.30 from school and we headed down to Coles to grab some groceries. My eldest daughter's was working afternoon shifts. So it was just the three of us at home for dinner So we made the big decision about what to have for dinner last night and went down to Coles to grab some groceries and then headed home for her to do her homework and for me to Check emails and whatever else at home. We've got my mum and dad's 50th wedding anniversary coming up at the moment so we're getting emails in from people RSVPing to that and Making some plans around that. What else did we do then had our Loaded potatoes for dinner that we'd organized with just the three of us at home watched a little bit of telly And then what else did we do last night? I'm just trying to think Oh, I had a parcel arrived with some goodies in it So I contacted the people that the goodies in the parcel were for to let them know that it arrived tee up a time to drop that off and And put washing on put the dishwasher on fed the cats took the rubbish out And all of those other regular chores that get done And yeah, I was in bed by 10 o'clock, which is almost an early night for me. So that was my day No, thank goodness, otherwise he'd be in big strife He starts scratching normally when he hears me getting up at 4 30 or 4 o'clock and I'll let him out then normally but yeah, if he because we've got an old sewing machine in front of the flap because he can bash the flap open and The sewing machine stops him usually although he has busted through it as well But when he gets the flap undone and it bangs against the sewing old sewing machine, it's very annoying So yeah, luckily it doesn't happen too often Especially since my daughter's work was working that afternoon shift So I knew she I didn't want him to wake her up when she'd been doing afternoon shift So no Yes, that's right No, I usually have breakfast when I come into the office, so I'll check my emails while I have a bowl of cereal here four o'clock's just too early for breakfast I Drive down normally. Yeah, so yesterday morning. I certainly drove down. We've only got two cars between the three drivers So if it's raining and my hubby can't ride his motorbike to work Then I have to walk down to the train or wake someone up to take me down to the train. Yeah, I did No, no, it's not and there's there's a regular regulars that sit on it. And yes, it's not that busy at all Just a little little jacket a little cream jacket the girlfriend's baby shower She knows she's having a little girl, but I didn't want to do pink So I've done a nice little cream little cream jacket for us. I yeah Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes, I usually Log on and check the emails and see what's there And then if there's some that I'll need to read through I'll grab the breakfast then and and yes It down and read through emails. I'll have a look online at the newspaper while I have my breakfast just to see what's happened No, that's later in the morning. That's yeah, usually about or seven I think actually because I'd had an early wake up yesterday morning I think I did have it at about seven instead of eight I normally try and wait till about eight o'clock for the coffee first coffee of the day So and I had a second one there when I met with Cheryl from media at ten o'clock I had another one so I don't normally have the two but did yesterday No, not necessarily I just put stuff through him to approve or to check before it goes to the directors So no, I didn't have an impact other than the fact that this thing was due yesterday And I knew it was with him before it was going to the director So I just bypassed him then and sent it straight through to the director for her to approve and get rid of Yes, yes, it's for a community service announcement so they're just those short snippets on regional TV So the first one we've had a look at was filmed out of dips Which last week so and it was one of the projects that was funded to a police officer So it was a police officer that was filmed and she did a fabulous job. She's very professional at doing that sort of thing So yeah, it was it was really really well done. So we've picked up a few things We'll need to get changed. But I'm in this first draft. It looked really great. So Yes, so that was at 10 o'clock when I had my second coffee for the day So just the two of us Yeah, just the senior sergeant down there and I who worked quite closely and also all the Suncorp related stuff So we just wanted to have a bit more of a chat about that policy need to improve the policy So everyone knows what they're supposed to do Did you know? What did I do for lunch yesterday? Oh I had leftover risotto for lunch yesterday, so I Did yes. Yes, so the train gets in at about 10 past 3 and she finishes school at 25 past 3 So by the time I drive from where the train station is over to through all the school traffic because there's I think there's some Three schools zones. I have to drive through to get to her school Yeah, it was it takes about 20 minutes to get over to her Oh, what do we have? We had well my daughter's that was home with us is a not a vegetarian a pescatarian So she doesn't eat meat. So we it was a vegetarian meal for us last night so my hubby and I had the baked beans sweet chili baked beans and we had guacamole and some Rainbow coleslaw and some homemade salsa with tomato Cucumber and onion and cheese and sour cream and guacamole Garlic, and yes, it was very nice. So it was yeah, they were definitely loaded. So very tasty Home and away and that was it For me, I'm not a big TV watcher, but usually that's on while we're having dinner or thereabouts. So yes No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment No comment, no comment. Okay, oh that's fun. You want that unplugged for me? Yes