 Okay, start now. Okay, I woke up at 5.40am, the alarm went off, and I cycle to work every day, so I prepared my bike and essentially grabbed some vitamins, which is what I usually do. And then I make a drink, and I'll tell you about the drink, because it's a ripper. Essentially, you get some hot soy milk or some other kind of milk, not just cow's milk, a good quality milk, and I put spirulina in it with a banana into the blender, and then I put in this lacuma powder, which is like South American high energy powder, and then I put in LSA mix and some yogurt and a couple of other things, which I can't remember. It's like one of them is like a chocolate cacao powder from South America. So I blend all of that up, have my vitamins, and then soon after that, jump on my bike, because I have a shower at the gym at headquarters. So usually I'm at my desk by about 7.30 in the morning, and I think yesterday I finished work at four. So I cycled home, that takes about 25 minutes by the time I get home. And then I just watered, hosed the garden and checked the mile, and then I had to do some work on my other bike, because I was planning on riding this morning. So I was fiddling around with that for a while with a spanner and bike pump to put air in the tires. Then I cooked dinner, which was like a spaghetti bolognese I think I made, because I brought some in for lunch today. So I just had some chopping up to do and got all of the ingredients together and threw that all in the wok and boiled pasta on the stove. And look, soon after that, I think I was watching the news, the ABC News, saw the basics of the news. I wasn't focusing too much on that. But, and look, probably by 8.15 to 8.30 at night, I'm actually just about ready for bed, get up, you know, because I get up so early. So that's pretty much my general day. But obviously I did work. Yeah, I was in the, more than eight hours in the middle of it. So I think I taught a lecture on the Summary Offences Act. So by the time you incorporate a practical exercise into that, that was about three hours from part of it. It went from 10 to 12.30 and then one o'clock till two. So the students get a lunch break for half an hour. And so, yes, so the theory's taught first up about the Summary Offences Act, in particular the offences of public nuisance, possession of property suspected stolen and things like that. So we go through the elements with them and then we get them to do a practical scenario where they apply the facts of the scenario to the elements to make sure that they can prove it in court. So that was pretty much probably the hardest thing about my working day. But I've been preparing other lectures since in the afternoon. So I had some administration to attend to. So, yeah, almost. It's getting colder in the morning. So it took me another, probably a couple of minutes just to lie there and go, yeah, it's time to move. Sometimes I think a couple of the ingredients are left out on the kitchen top, but generally most things are in the fridge. So you go to the fridge and sort it all out. Yeah, popping it all in the blender. Yeah, not every single morning, but I have been having it. I'm doing a bit of a trial at the moment. So I'm trialling this five days a week for about a month. And then I'm going back to the muesli that I was eating to see if that is giving me enough energy in the morning to get through to lunchtime. It's because I'm just trying to compare and contrast what's going on in the morning with my energy. Yeah, it is. Well, it is. I think the drink is good. I think the spirulina, from my understanding of reading about it, the spirulina is the best thing you can have. My goal was to have greens at every meal. So if I'm eating three meals a day, I can then have some ice cream at night, which is a bit naughty. But if I have greens for breakfast, greens for lunch and greens for dinner, I'm pretty happy with that. The anti-cancer stuff and just the good health stuff. How to, it's interesting. Yeah, and it goes, look, you've got to actually, to clean the blender, it's a bit of a chore because the powder ends up most sides of the blender. So you have to get a spoon and push the spirulina and the powder that's splashed up back down into the blender second time and then re-blend. Yeah, pills. I've got the vitamins as well, but I've been on the powder and I'm sticking with the powder. Yeah, it ends up a greeny sort of color. But I think the goal is to drink it, not straight away in one hit, you're not chugging it down, but once you've blended it to get it through your system, or just get it, start drinking it as soon as possible. Don't let it settle too much. Yeah, 25 every morning. Yes, yes, unless it's hailing or it's an electrical storm. Yes, it's a sad reality of life. I hate public transport. I can't stand it. Yeah, because you always end up sitting next to someone coughing or not. It's yeah, maybe I'm a bit introverted, but yeah, better just be cycling. Green, you know, on the road, but through beautiful parks and green trees and on a bike track, it's much, it's a good way to start the day. Yes, yes, it's all prepared. You know, I had it all prepared, you know, probably I did all, most of the preparation a couple of weeks ago, went back to it the day before yesterday. And then just, yeah, in the morning, would have just been a quick browse through. There's no, no extra work to do. Yep, 17. Yes, that's how many students are doing the current prosecutor's training course. So there were 20 on the course, but we're down to 17. Ah, let me think. I think I brought in some, it's called pork, it's not very healthy. It's called pork adobo. And it's like a, it's a bit of an Asian dish actually, with soy sauce. So you cook up, what I do is I buy pork spare ribs, but then I buy pork fillet to go with it. Cause you cook the spare ribs in, you do the onions first, you just saute some onions, and then you gently cook the pork with some soy sauce. And then as a side, I have some rice and carrots and broccoli. That's, I brought in just all of that into one little Pyrex dish. And I just zap it in the microwave and that's lunch. But it's pretty healthy. Oh, it's a bit fatty, some of the pork, obviously, but it's taste, it's, you got to combine taste with health. Point in your life? Yeah. At the moment I've got seven other lectures I'm working on, but we've got a break. Next week is more of a practical week. So there's not many lectures. And then there's a three week break where the students are on a practical phase. And then from there, they come back for another three weeks of theory. So the seven lectures that I've got are in those three weeks of theory, the third phase. So, you know, I've got some stuff already done. That's all fine, but yeah, it's just work. I mean, I'll get through it. That's all going to be fine. Yeah, yes, got changed, right home. Yeah, and then as I said, hose the garden while I was still hot and sweaty, just give that garden a bit of a hose and then tinkered with my bike. Yeah, two bikes, yes. Yeah, one's for commuting and one's for doing a proper road. It's a proper road bike with gears, but my commuting bike's just a single speed. Yeah, working on the one with gears. Yes, so that I can do a proper ride on a Thursday morning. Yeah, yes, yeah. So it's a longer, I do about 40 kilometres on Thursday morning. So it's about getting up at 4.30 in the morning and getting into the regatta to meet at 5.20 so that we can cycle at about 5.25 in the morning. Yeah, yeah. Couple of guys from work actually come along if you can get them out a bit. Correct. Yeah, it's a regular thing. Yeah. No, there wasn't much else that I watched because I had a few other bits and pieces to do at home, like just with paperwork for something. I had to get some documents together to bring to work to get them witnessed by another lawyer. So just, yeah, a bit of a, so a couple of things just to do at home with paperwork after the news. I normally do read something, but I didn't last night. No, okay. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.