 Yesterday I woke up at about 6.30 and I remember cuddling my three boys before we got out of bed. And then I made, we had our usual busy morning of trying to cuddle three boys into school uniforms and brush teeth and have breakfast, make lunches, get myself dressed and get them to school on time. And one of them's got a sprained ankle so I had to help him put his shoes and socks on and help him out to the car. And I took them to school and then I met an old neighbour just after school drop-off and I hadn't seen her for over a year so it was really lovely to catch up. And I saw her and then after that I went off to the gym and came back and I started cleaning some of the house. I'm going on a girls weekend this afternoon to Canberra so I had to start packing my bag. I did two loads of washing because as per usual you always realise that's something that you need for your trips at the bottom of the dirty laundry basket. I made sure the boys had all their clean uniforms for today and tomorrow as my husband will be looking after them. I went and picked up the boys from school and we had afternoon tea, we did some homework. The boys watched some TV. They were a bit ratty, I do remember getting cranky. My husband's been a little bit sick recently so we actually got some bad news in that the doctors wanted to come and he's made an appointment for Friday but they wanted to come and give him his test results today so we've been a little bit worried about that. And I made dinner, we had soup and everyone had showers. We did a little bit more homework. I then hopped into bed and we read some stories and then my husband came home and then he went off to the shops and I tried for two hours to get one of my boys that just is not very good at sleeping to sleep. Have I still got more time? I can keep on talking. It just sounds very mundane. Then I finished off packing my bag. I talked to Dylan, that was the one that has problems sleeping about, remember we've been to someone and how he has to try and learn to get to sleep himself. So we're sort of practicing sleeping techniques at the moment. He's just become worse in really the last six weeks or so. He gets quite frightened at night and thinks that robbers are going to come in and gets quite anxious. We've been trying to work on that. So it means that my evenings haven't been as much fun as they used to be. But he did finally get to sleep and I wrapped up presents for all of my nieces and nephews that I'm going to see on the weekend. My husband was a little bit sick again and then finally we all went to sleep and we were all a bit exhausted. Then Dylan got up again and wouldn't go to sleep and started crying by the side of the bed. Then just at that moment after it was about 11.30 or something, we have a substation on our street and NJX chose that time to start doing earth moving works. I'm about midnight. So that was my day. I'm still a bit tired this morning. So you woke up, were you woken up by the bees or did you have an alarm? No, normally I wake up fairly early just by the light coming in. You mentioned you had a cuddle with three boys. Did you sleep or snuggle? No, we try not to get them into our room. One completely sleeps by himself is excellent. The other twins, he could not be more different to his brother, doesn't like people coming in. Really good. He just comes in the morning for a quick cuddle to start his day. But the one that gets a bit fearful because he's not getting enough sleep, we're having to go in and wake him up. So I think I will have to start using an alarm because we're starting to sleep in a bit because of his sleeping problems. So you got them all up. Do you all have break together in the morning? Yeah, normally. What did you have yesterday? I had muesli. I make a nice homemade toasted muesli. My husband made a coffee and all the boys had pretty much the same thing. One of them is a yoghurt addict so he has yoghurt and muesli and no milk. So pretty much have the similar thing and we had some bananas. What time do you have to leave? On a normal Wednesday, we might leave at 8 o'clock because we walk usually on a Wednesday but because one of them sprained their ankle yesterday we left at about quarter past eight and drove. Playing rugby. Yeah, so they all play football every Saturday. I didn't see it. I don't think it, you know, I've sprained my ankle walking down the street. So I think he just, I think it was in a tackle. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, this week. On Monday he went to the doctors because it was so bad. We weren't sure. It was really, the swelling actually got worse than the bruising. So we actually just wanted to make sure it wasn't actually broken. So I actually did walk with the other two and my husband took Dylan to the doctors. But all good? Yeah, look, I probably myself wouldn't have taken it. I tend to operate on the principle that it's probably fine. Many doctors trips later and, you know, the cold turns into nothing and stuff. So usually I said you could just wait another day. But anyway, my husband took him and it was all fine. So after dropping the kid? No, I had morning tea first with my friend. So, yeah, we were actually there for a long time, about two hours. Yeah. I think when you have small children, you tend to, you do see, you make some new friends, but you do tend to let some slide. So I have tried to make a conscious commitment this year to keep up with some old friendships and things. So, yeah, and that was good. So after you headed home, did you do a class? No, I don't. I used to do aerobics. I did running for about half an hour and then I did some weights. And then headed home after that to house cleaning? Yeah. And washing and stuff? Yeah. How many lessons? Three. Yes. Four nights? Yeah. Is it for a special occasion? No. I'm very close to my two younger sister-in-laws and I haven't, last year I didn't go down for one of their christenings. And I talk regularly on the phone to one of them at least once a week. And we always said, you know, we'll try and catch up. And part of my thing this year when I am trying to maintain friendships and stuff. And when they had really cheap deals on, I was thinking about it at the time. And my sister-in-law said, why don't you come down for the weekend? So I have. So I actually purposely picked a time when nothing was on. So I do find, because my husband comes from a large family of seven siblings, that you actually don't get to do lots of fun stuff when you go for a family. You know, you're too busy trying to see everyone. So, no, just stuff for myself. So on Saturday, one of my sister-in-laws won't have her children either. So she's planned something nice for us. I think it's a massage or something in the morning. And we're going to go to one of the galleries in Canberra. And we're going out to dinner. Yeah. So after the C-drug, you mentioned you had to do this. Yes. Well, my twins are in grade three, so they're doing NAPLAN this year. So they're doing, which is only in a couple of weeks. So they're doing a lot of comprehension at the moment. So and some, well, they call it advanced spelling, but it's more grammar, really, I think. So we did a lot of that. So they've been really anal in the last couple of weeks about if they do nothing else to finish their comprehension homework. And then my youngest one, he's just learning to read. He's a little bit slower. He's got some speech, just minor speech difficulties. So his homework is a lot of like just reading little books and picture books and that kind of thing. Yeah. And you cooked soup for dinner? It was, but I actually defrosted it out of the freezer. So I didn't. I have cooked it myself before, but because I was trying to pack and I think I was a bit on edge because my husband was a bit sick. And then if I wasn't going to cook something for two hours and then I was going to have to spend another half an hour washing up or whatever, and I knew I'd be busy. So often I'll make something ahead and defrost it. So it was minestrone, but it was very nice. And what time was it you actually had to cook? About 11 o'clock, but I'd say it was probably after 12 before I got to sleep. Right. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Great.