 Um, well, they started fairly, uh, raucously, as my grandkids were up around about 6.30. Um, they were out getting ready for school. So I got out of bed, um, watched them have breakfast, and, uh, sort of watched a bit of morning TV, checked the news and find out what was going on. Um, my daughter pulled the grandkids into the car around about, uh, half past eight, and took them off to school. My wife and I sat around, we had a quick chat, and then my wife left to go to bowling. So that left me to peace and quiet and watch a bit of TV for myself. Um, then, uh, around about, uh, ten o'clock, I had a shave, um, started getting ready for work. I, uh, put some lunch on, ate that, um, about, uh, quarter to twelve I had a shower, and caught the train in. I usually catch the train at Northgate, and, um, I read my book, um, and the way in on the train, um, wasn't any problems. Got off the train around about, uh, five past one, came into work, sat down, and had a glorious day talking to all the people who wanted to ring Triple O. Um, that was about it. Oh, I did get up and, uh, relieved the Comco for a meal around about seven thirty, um, and had a look at some of the jobs. Wasn't anything exciting happening on the south side of town. Um, oh, I did put in the job for the gentleman that, uh, was found covered in blood in front of the cement factory, um, and, uh, still haven't heard back on what's happening with that yet, so I'm not really quite sure. Then, um, left, uh, work around about quarter to ten, caught the train home, uh, back to Northgate, got back in the car and drove home. Had a chat to my daughter and my wife, um, they were off to bed, so I sat up, um, on the computer checking emails and doing, uh, the bills and that till around about midnight and then went to sleep. Yes, yeah, they seem to be pretty lively in the morning, you know, trying to get off all their excess energy and things like that, especially before breakfast, you know, watching television and cartoons and different things on, so. Yes, mornings is usually woken, don't hear the alarm clock, hear the grandkids. Uh, no, no. Uh, no, they sit out and have breakfast with, um, my wife and my daughter, so, yeah, they usually have cereal, I don't usually have breakfast, so. I don't usually have anything, so it's fine. Yeah, it was Channel Nine's TV program, uh, they were talking about, you know, just mainly watching for the news, the other stories I don't seem to take a lot of interest in and things like that. I don't drink tea or coffee or anything like that, so, yeah, no, it's just sort of have a drink whenever I'm thirsty and things like that, so. But no, I don't drink tea or coffee, so that sort of puts me out of breakfast mode as well. Um, yeah, I switched on to 513 and watched the Fox Sports News, um, then sort of switched it on to the, uh, to the reading section of the Fox Sports News, um, with the Foxtel and I was able to catch up on some of the other sports happening around the world while listening to the commentators talk about, you know, sporting events that had occurred, but, uh, you know, mostly I'd kept up with everything, so I wasn't surprised with what was on, you know, just mainly about watching, waiting for the football and see what they, expressions were about who was going to win the football game last night. Football, rugby league. Yeah. Uh, I support the Brisbane Broncos. Um, yeah, I think I just made some toast and sandwiches, so, wasn't anything exciting or anything like that. I usually leave home around about 20 past, uh, 25 past 12. Uh, it's only a short trip, you know, less than 10 minutes to the train station and usually there I can get either of two trains that come through, so they're only five minutes apart, but from different areas, one from Shawncliffe and one from Caboolture, so it brings me into town. No, I drive my car. Um, yes, yeah. Uh, that came from Caboolture, so, yeah, it's me into Roma Street here about five past one. Well, myself, one of seven callers yesterday, call takers yesterday. Uh, we get them from all over the state, yeah, so, uh, I think most of the first, at least the first 20 calls weren't even from Brisbane area, they were from Toowoomba and, um, south east region, Gold Coast and, uh, various other areas around there, so, yeah. Took a while before I actually got a Brisbane call. Uh, yeah, as soon as we take a call and we've got the information, we usually got to go into wrap up straight away or we'll get another call for, for, straight, but, um, yeah, so I took, uh, in total last night, I took, uh, over 60 calls. Um, depends, you know, for me it's about average, but for other people it's a bit more. There could be even less, yeah, Friday and Saturday nights, there's probably a few more, but there's periods of time where we have even less and, uh, yeah, there are no, we get calls from other areas letting us know that other comm centres don't have anybody taking calls, so we've got to take their calls during night work and things. Yeah, there's, um, six major comm centres. There's, um, south east region, which looks after Logan, Coomera and Gold Coast. Uh, there's the north coast region, which looks after Redcliffe and the Sunshine Coast. Then we have Rockhampton, Townsville, Cairns, um, and Toowoomba. Oh, yeah. All the comm centres are now attached by a, a, a QCAD, which is called QCAD, which is Queensland Computer Aided Dispatch. So everything goes on to computers and it's a matter of just pressing a button when you're finished and it sends it off to the correct area. So that's why we're, we're linked with everybody, so if they take a call for us, they just send it down. So we don't have any problems, we don't have to talk. The only persons that we talk to at the moment are Ipswich, because they're not on, and Mount Isa. Um, yeah, it depends, um, we have to do checks on calls in relation to, um, domestic violence, where we have to check Q-Prime and different other sources to make sure that, uh, there's any DVs or anything like that, what the conditions of the DVs are, uh, if there's any violence, any flags, safeties for police officers attending addresses, and, yeah, everything comes up on the, in the computer itself. It actually starts to generate that, and, um, yeah, we can actually add it on as what's called a Q-Page, so that when it goes to the Comco and to the radio operator, the radio operator can see all the details there and advise the crews when they're attending. Yep, got the, um, 56, uh, the, sorry, the 49 train. It goes all stations through to, um, that one was Shorncliffe, but I get off at Northgate prior to it. I'd be probably about, I passed 11, called to 12. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.