 Yep, sure I got up at probably quarter to five in the morning, had a shower as always. Got dressed, hopped in the car, drove to work. Went into the office, got changed into my police shirt, like I always do, and went to parade and spent the rest of the day doing training work and went out and turned over some crooks during the day. Pretty regular day, nothing special. About four o'clock, drove. Drove a motor vehicle. No, not one. I got home around about twenty to five. Went in, had a shower to cool down, it was so hot. Then got changed, then went out to a friend's house. Probably three, four hours. Had soup and bread and some ice cream for dessert. Just a passion fruit. No, not really. Just talked, yeah. Went to bed about eleven thirty. That's a good question. I think I had Chinese. Yeah, Chinese, fine food king, I'm pretty sure. No, no, no, no, it was cooked. Yeah, always, yeah. Chinese from fine food king. Crossed the road. I can't remember. I can't remember what I had. Isn't that terrible? No, let's say sweet and sour pork. Never had breakfast. Not when I get up, no. Stop and have a coffee. Yeah, I cross the road at seven eleven, so I stop there and have a, just buy one of those coffees and go to work. Change my shirt, have parade, then get into work, yeah. I start work at six. Always start at six. Get up at four forty five, five o'clock, yeah. Around about twenty five minutes to Black, from Blacktown to Parramatta. At work, I've got a parking spot. My private car that no one else drives. I have a clearly marked E-Day spot. Brett walks, so I get to park in his spot, yeah. When I do, when we do training, I'm the education officer, so what we do during the day, we just put people onto courses, we organise training days, we deal with a probationary constables, we deal with the students, we deal with everything, everything to do with training. Lunch. It varies for me and I can, whenever I really get the chance, probably about eleven thirty, by the time it's starting at six, I'm pretty hungry, yeah. I don't have breakfast. I have a coffee, very. No, about four. Don't catch a train, I drove. Never. No. Not interested in catching a bus. I'm a police officer, it's too dangerous as far as I'm concerned. No. No, no. About, what time do I get home? Well, it takes me about twenty five minutes to get home. It takes me that time, yeah, close to six o'clock, yeah. Clock, sorry. No. No, no, no. Went inside, had a shower, it was bloody hot, yeah. Then went out, yeah, drove to my friend's house, had dinner over there, soup with a bit of bread, ice cream, and didn't watch television, just talked. Passion fruit. Been around about, be close to six o'clock. Well, I had to go to Katoomba, yeah. I had to go to Katoomba, yeah. I had to go to Katoomba. I had to go to Katoomba. I had to go to Katoomba. I had to go to Katoomba. I had to go to Katoomba. I had to go to Katoomba. I had to go to Katoomba. I had to go to Katoomba. I had to go to Katoomba.