 Oh gee whiz, I've got Alzheimer's you know at my age. Let me have a think, yesterday of course was a work day. The normal process would be to deal with getting up, coming to work, shower, change. Then we go into catching up on emails, see what needs to be done, hasn't been done. Assessment of those outstanding jobs from those emails. Then unfortunately we have a thing called iWatch, so I look at the station summary for the previous evening and then add that onto Facebook as required in the incidents that may be of interest. Then back to auditing of our training records. Having just stepped into the role, we're making sure that all the i's are dotted and the t's are crossed. So that took up a percentage of the day. Had some minor issues with preparation with constables which had to be dealt with, so during the day I had three conversations with those people sorting out issues. Basically another mindless day in the world of education and training. Do you want me to keep talking? Oh gee whiz, I finished at 5pm, went home, just built a new fence, so I spent some time sanding that, but the storms beat me to it. We had a bit of rain which was quite heavy. Another day in paradise. Oh probably about 7pm, I've got no idea, no recollection. Just been tested for cholesterol so it would have been something disgusting that my wife felt that I needed at that time, albeit I can say I wouldn't have had any dairy products involved in it and I don't recall what it was. Probably something with salad. I don't recall, isn't that terrible? Yes we do, it's the only night we do watch television. We watched Spicks and Specks and The Grown Planet, two of our favourite shows. And once we did that I was climbing to bed and discussing how hot it was that we couldn't go to sleep. Oh it was probably about 9, 10 o'clock, about 10pm. The mornings. 5.45am. Every morning. Now, walk. I walk to work from Harold Street at North Parramatta to Parramatta Police Station. 7am. Now I have a shower at work in the morning. So I don't start work before I shower, that would be... Using up departmental time for a health issue, isn't it? No. I come to work and then I have a tub at work and then I start my shift at 7. I don't have breakfast. I don't have breakfast at all. Probably about 11. Tradesman's hours. Sandwich. It consisted of ham, tomato and some avocado on Lebanese bread with, I might add, no butter. No, I finish work at 5 o'clock. I walk home. No. No. To work now. I was sanding the fence and it was rained. It rained. No. I don't recall. Possibly. I mean, it could have been, but I don't recall that. No, about 7pm. You must have poor notes here, man. 7pm I had dinner and I don't really recall what dinner was. No, there wouldn't have been no dairy food because I've been explicit about the fact that that's off my diet. Whatever time Spicks and Specks comes on, 8.30 I suppose. I didn't watch anything. Yeah, you could say that unless you'd written that earlier saying I went to bed at 10 o'clock, which was the correct time. Is this a trick? Because I said 5.45. You will know from your notes. Oh, last Saturday. Well, last Saturday I had an operation last Tuesday week and that operation included a debridement of my ankle. That's one thing I did do last week. Remove the stitches from that, which my wife assisted with. But last Saturday I was still hobbling a little bit and so I just fine tuned the fence because it was a rough scene to start off with and so that was sort of a sit down job. This is why my fence is taking so long because I'm a partial cripple at the moment. I'm a partial cripple at the moment. Ah, long story. Several years ago I incurred an injury. No. It was a mechanical problem as a result of that injury. I put a grinder through my foot several years ago and that managed to cut the tendons and the nerve and the artery. And a result of that it changed my gait. The change of my gait changed the mechanical functions of my ankle. The changes in that caused some malfunction with the mechanics of the ankle and I had to go in and take some bone away with what they call debridement, which basically means I use baby grinders with an arthroscope to grind back the bone and so I can have a freer movement. It's good gear. Two little tiny holes. Good stuff. Hmm. No, that'd be incorrect. I'm partial. Wouldn't be my favourite if I picked. Yes. Yes. They must have been taking notes like you or because they're wrong. No. No. Probably from the emails. Yeah. That's one of the first things, as I explained to you earlier, I check my emails first up. So any responses I would have done to those emails would have an approximate time of the first one I responded to or replied to. So give or take 10 minutes, plus or minus. It may even have been that I started at 10 to 7, but I was certainly there by 7. But I can't dismiss what BTS did. I liked to see the results as far as I'm concerned. I start at 7 and I was here at 7. I should do that then. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.