 What are you doing Saturday? Oh, that's not bad. Oh, it wasn't very exciting. I got up, I had breakfast. I had two poached eggs on toast. My son was at home and my daughter, and then I went up to buy some face cream from Alabashe and some cream for my son for his face from the chemist. In the meantime, my son went to his dad's house. And then I drove home. Oh, I had a look at my favorite shop on the way. Had beautiful little Christmas trees that light up. Then that's called Peroni. And then I came home. And then my daughter went out the shop and bought some vegetables. And I made a vegetable pastry for dinner for both of us. I did a little bit of cleaning. I did some washing, hung the washing out. Yeah, boring, blah, blah. And then made the vegetable pastries for us to eat. And then we ate them and my daughter went to work. Then, what did I do after that? Oh, then I went up to the service station to buy some batteries because my remote control for my fan wasn't working and it was a hot night. So I did that. And then I sat down and watched, what did I watch? I watched a movie. I watched, I can't remember what it was called, but it was where he goes back in time and becomes a kid again. No, it's got Matthew Perry in it. I can't think of it. He becomes a, I don't know the name of it. Anyway, it was a good movie. Becomes a teenager again and then writes his wrongs and doesn't leave his wife in the end. Yeah, and that was it. And then I went to bed about 10 o'clock. Very uneventful day. Oh, yes I did. I had a salad and I had some chicken and it made me sick. That's right. I had pains in my belly afterwards. Don't think the chicken was cooked properly. Sunday, Sunday, this is terrible. I got up, I had poached eggs on toast again. I did my housework. I cleaned my house top to toe. Did some ironing. I went out and bought my groceries. I went up to Woolies to do the groceries. I came home and then I went and went over my friend's house. She just moved into her new house and saw that. And we had a cuppa, had a cuppa, two cups of coffee, of cut tea. And then I drive home, had dinner. I had some seafood for dinner, some squid and prawns and watched TV until my boys came home from their dad's house. Yep, I watched Wild Boys and Underbelly. Yeah, it was good. Didn't like the way it ended because they didn't give you enough information. They just sort of ended it and said, oh, now this person's doing this, this person's doing that. Didn't go far and I think it just ended silly. Oh, I got up about nine o'clock. No, I had poached eggs, two poached eggs on toast, no butter. Oh, I had a cup of tea. No, I didn't buy cream. I didn't go up the shop. No, oh, I did go up the shop. I went up to the chemist and I did. I went to the chemist and alabasho. Yes, I did for his pimples. Yes, I did. Oh, that was about 12, one o'clock, 1230-ish. I did, probably about one o'clock I had lunch. No, I had salad with chicken, with roast chicken. No, no, my daughter went shopping for vegetables. I stayed at home. She took her car. No, I did my ironing yesterday. On Sunday, I stayed at home and actually, I forgot to tell you, I bought an outdoor setting from a garage sale on the way home. So I was putting that together. Yeah, up the road. It's very emboldsing. It was $80, I knocked them down to $70 and they delivered it. That's right, yes. Oh, I didn't do ironing, I said I did on Sunday. That's right. No, I didn't get vegetables. That was on my way back from getting the facial cream. Yeah, yes, yes, before lunch. No, I didn't have beef pastries, I had salad. That is false information. Yes, I did. Salad and chicken. No, just normal chicken, roast chicken. Yes, you did. I made some vegetable pastries. Yeah, I put together the outdoor setting. No, it was an outdoor setting. I just had to put the cushions on the seats and weed my back pavers so I could put it there. No, it wasn't, it was an outdoor thing. No, they didn't have one at the garage sale. No, I never cleaned the oven. I just mopped the floors and vacuumed and dusted and did all that sort of stuff. Did my dishes. I mopped the floors the next day and I did my ironing the next day. I did my groceries, did washing, changed sheets in my bed, boring. Yep, I did for my remote control for my fan. Yep, no, it was for the fan, the AAA batteries. No, it's a ceiling one, but it only works from the remote control. Yep, no, it's just got a remote control, it sits on the wall and that's the only way you can operate it. I went to the service station. No, it was another movie about a guy that went back to his teenage years. No, Michael, no, it didn't. Had Matthew Perry in it. I went to bed about 10 o'clock. No, I had poached eggs on toast. Two poached eggs on toast with no butter and a cup of tea. I went to Woolworths, did my grocery shopping. About five minutes. I took my car. Yes, well, I own my daughter's as well, but I don't drive that one, she drives it. No, both cars are registered in my name. No, she was at the beach. Yes, that's correct. Her car, yep, that's registered in my name. I drove my car to Woolworths, not Coles, and I did the groceries. No, because I didn't go to Coles. No, there was no incident. I drive very carefully, I make sure that nothing goes wrong. No, that's because I didn't hit the car next to me. That did not happen. Oh, they're lying, they're liars. No, I did not hit a car. They're lying to you, they must not like me, and they're trying to frame me. I didn't do it. At Kingswood train station, probably getting keyed. No, a couple of weeks ago. I don't think so, I would have noticed it. No, no, there's no scrape mark on my front fender. I think they're lying. Okay, okay, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.