 Okay, got up about 8.30 yesterday, no it was earlier than that, but then I went and let my dogs out because they'd all been washed because we were going out to Parramatta Park to a diabetes raising money walk. So got all the dogs in the car and took our picnic lunch and we went off to Westmead to meet up with my son and his girlfriend because he has a little girl in his class who has diabetes so this is why we were going and I have old English sheepdog dogs and the kids wanted to take the dogs for the walk. So we got there and there's a lot of people there and took the four dogs and met the parents of the children and everything which was nice and then we went to start the walk and it started raining I remember, we got wet and then I tripped over my dog and so I hurt myself and then I thought I better get up and just keep going because I thought if I stopped then it's going to really start to hurt. So then I walked the five kilometers and and then we just had a quick picnic and it got quite hot too once the sun came out. So then we went home at about one o'clock and then I had to go and do the grocery shopping. So before that I did a load of washing so then I went to Rouse Hill and did the grocery shopping and then I came home and cooked baked dinner because my kids were coming home for dinner. So then we just had baked dinner and yeah went to bed. Yes I cooked bacon and mushrooms. That must have been about eight o'clock yeah then I corrected myself because we left at 8 30. I think we got up about seven yeah at 8 30. Yeah five, four of them up yeah big fluffy dogs. No Ben took my son took three of them and we took two. Yeah Parramatta Park. Well about 45 minutes yeah yeah yes we took a picnic. I made this cheese and bacon cob which had sweet potato in it and cottage cheese and it wasn't as nice as I thought it was going to be. Yeah I think it would have been about 2 30 because I did a load of washing before I went. Yeah I went to Woolworths longer than I expected about an hour and a half I guess. 15 minutes yeah yeah yeah yeah. Oh I stood peeling potatoes and all that sort of stuff like getting it all ready because there was six of us for tea. So yeah we had dinner at seven. Yeah roast beef yeah yeah lots of veggies. After underbelly so I think it was about 10 to 10. Yeah yeah no about seven. Yeah no we had bacon and mushrooms. No mushrooms. No 8 30 we left to go to the park. Yeah yes. Well it was a walk. Yeah no I had one Old English and the um cross Kelpie in my car. My son took the other three Old English. Yeah my husband. Yes no yeah yeah no no. Yeah I did. Don't remember a red shirt. I remember a blue one. Um I saw the cyclists just as I turned out of our street onto Windsor Road. There was three I think and then I saw some coming the other way a bit further down. Yeah yeah no no no. I remember a blue shirt. I don't remember a red. Um four months. Yeah yeah no not yet. This morning to the railway station. No and Tom washed it yesterday afternoon so he would have noticed any damage. Uh-huh. I don't remember it. Not as far as I know. Yes yeah yep. Okay no I definitely didn't do that. No. Right. Oh I find that very surprising because I didn't stop my car. I don't remember bumping any cyclists. Yes yep. Yep. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.