 Well, I do remember getting up about eight o'clock and I remember cooking breakfast. Oh, this Saturday. Yes, I had a good day at home this Saturday. I didn't do much at all this Saturday other than housework. So yeah, I got up and I really got stuck into the housework before it got too hot. And I didn't even leave the house. I don't think I can't remember even leaving the house. So it was just doing chores around the house. So that's not really interesting. Yes, we had boiled eggs and toast. Yes, I made a chicken and salad roll for each of us. We had lunch about quarter to two. In the afternoon, I was up to doing the floors and terrible. I can't remember what else I did. For tea, we had barbecue for tea. Yep. And we had a spa after the barbecue. Yes, we had chicken and what do you call them? Kransky's. Yes. And tabouleh. Went to bed about 1030. Yeah, we watched this stupid detective on channel two. I think it is the Dr. Mr. Perro or something is called. It's a crime crime show. Yes, I know what I did on Sunday. Sunday, we got up and I did a cook breakfast. And then Tom went to our friend's place and chopped down a tree. So I washed my car and I had to take my son over to his mate's place because he was being a groomsman. And then I was just got home and Ben rang me and said he needed a black belt. Everybody else had a black belt on. So I had to go into Windsor and buy him a belt and get it to him before the bus came to pick them up, take them up to Bilpin. So then I got home and I cleaned out the garage for the dogs. And then I made lunch for Tom and I and we had chicken and salad. And then I went shopping to Aldi. And then I came home and friends arrived and we had a spa with our friends. It was quite late. It was about three o'clock. It'd be four kilometers. Yeah, it takes about seven minutes, I guess. Yes, because they were supposed to stay for dinner, but then they decided not to. Yeah, we barbecued again. I had chicken, but I did rissoles as well. Yes, because then I had to make lunches and then I finished in time to watch underbelly. Yeah, it was the final episode this week. It finished about 10. So I went to bed after that. About eight o'clock, I think it was. Yeah. No, we had bacon and eggs on Sunday. We had toast with it. No, Tom went over to his mate's place and helped him or he told him how to chop it down because my husband used to be a tree lopper. I washed my car and I did all of the inside of my car. I have one myself. Yeah, there's four cars altogether. Yes, yes, yes. Yeah. Except my son has a lend of it every now and then because he only has a ute. So sometimes he has a lend of my car. No, no. I dropped my son off at his mate's place because he was a groomsman. Yes. I had to go to Windsor. Yeah. And I cleaned the garage out because the dogs sleep in the garage. Well, I put it out. I put it out. Yeah, yeah. Five. Ah, no, we did that on Saturday. That's what we did Saturday afternoon. I remember now. That was about two hours because we took them down to the river and they went swimming. No, the river splashed them. No, it's freshwater river. Yeah. No. On Sunday we had chicken and salad for lunch. No, it was a barbecue chicken from Franklin's. No, to Aldi. No, all on its own. No. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yes. About an hour it took me. Yes, yes, yes. Yep. I do remember incident as I arrived because I was sitting in my car because we had a storm and the woman next door in a big four-wheel drive banged her door on my car. Um, well, it was absolutely pouring. So by the time it did, um, I walked around and had a look and just let her know that I have had a look to see if she'd done any damage to my car. I think she was oblivious to it. I did at the time. Yes. Something oh three seven two. I remember. Yeah. No, I was parked. I was sitting in my car parked and it was teeming down. So I sat in my car waiting for the storm to pass before I got out. She was leaving. So she, as she's opened her door to get in, she hit my car. Uh, it was the back passenger door cause they're very high. Those cars. Yeah. No, just in my mind. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I checked the car out and there wasn't a scratch or a dent on it. So it wasn't, I wasn't worried. So then I went into Audi and, um, yeah, did my shopping. No, didn't even say one word. No. By the time I got around to have a look, she was already in her car and she was reversing out. Yeah. No, I don't think she even realized I was there. No. Yeah. Yeah. There was no need for her to do that because she, I didn't do anything to her. She opened her car door onto my car. Yeah. Right. Uh, that's not right. No, at all. No, I don't think so. It's pouring of rain. There was no one around. No, it was a real torrential rain. Yeah. Yeah. No, there was no damage. There was nothing to report. Yep. Yep. We went in our spa. No, no, no. They were going to, and then they changed their mind. Chicken and Kransky was Saturday night. On Sunday night we had chicken and rissoles under belly. Yes. Yes. No, it was about just gone 10. I think I always take them for a walk before I go to bed. Yeah. No, we live on five acres. So I just tell them to go for a run and then they meet me at the garage and I put them to bed. Uh huh. Yes. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment.