 Wow! Well I had I worked late Monday so I had the day off on Tuesday. So yesterday was a free of work day because I'm part-time but not really. So I had the day off. Wow it was a big day. I got the little one off to school. I got three off to school but the little one is a bit more work. So I got her off to school and then I had to go up to the doctors and organize a referral for one of the kids. Then I had to go to Westmead Private and have an x-ray for myself. Then I rushed back. I went and did a bit of shopping in between. Stock up for Tuesday night. And then I went and did some exercise in the pool. You've got to cram all this into five hours while the little one's at school. And then I met some friends for afternoon tea up at the local shops. But I really just wanted to get home because I had so much on. So I came home for 10 minutes, unpacked and then went up to the school and got her. And then I came back. I read through John's EP stuff for next week and got through two papers because I can't read the paper before and after work. I haven't got enough time. And got the dinner ready. Do you want me to keep going? Oh, um I got the dinner ready. Something else in there. I did some internetting I had to do and sent a few emails. I got the kids organized re-afternoon things and then John came in at five. I put a wash on too and then the storm came and it all got wet. But I was on the phone to Medicare working out this out and the other so that all the wash got wet. So it's still out there now. So to wait for another storm. And that was it. I like Mattelli but there was nothing on and we were so tired cramming everything in. So yeah. So that was yesterday. Do you want any more? Um yes. What time did you get it? Oh six. No but it's light so early now. So and the kids are up. So we're up skis. I had it in a bag on the way to the shops I think. Yeah I didn't I didn't have it at home. Oh sorry I don't think I had it at home. Usually I eat dry cereal out of a bag on the run. Yeah yeah like you know those shredded wheat things little. All the all the mini bites mini wheats which are the wheat bits and they've got bits of dried fruit in them. Yeah but I'll put them in a nice plastic thing and then I'll eat them in the car. Yeah I don't. Because I'm not hungry first thing. And like I did this morning I just pack a bag like a chafe bag like a horse. No I have water with me. Yeah yeah. So did you end up having. Yeah yeah. When I went to the bakery and met friends I bought something. I don't normally. In fact that's probably the first time I've ever done that. So I bought something for lunch. Um a bread roll. No I had cheese all through it anyway. Oh uh well it's very hard because it's so hot. So we we I got hamburger meat out in the morning and when I went to the local shops I bought rolls um and and bits of vegetable to go with a normal hamburger like lettuce and tomato. But I it was such a wretched meal. I only got because I'm still on the phone to Medicare. I had to ring them three times because all the kids were at me and I couldn't listen to what they were saying. And I thought if I ask again for the lady to re-explain she'll think who is this idiot. So it was better to say I've got it hang up and then ring again because I had all the kids at me. So I had to ring them three times but finally I got it yeah yeah. So that was so the dinner was no we only used half the veggies because I just kept handing them to John. Here do this do that and then so it was just this mess. And we had a bit of a hailstorm so the wash is still out there now. So what time? Uh getting on to seven. Oh there wasn't much on. I think we were still bringing Medicare I think. And there wasn't much on so I missed the news. So I didn't I didn't and because I think if the famous boxer died I saw flashes of it. Is it Muhammad Ali? No? What's his name? Oh so it wasn't Muhammad Ali. I could see it in the distance. I don't like missing the news. Like I like to see just the I miss the news. No I didn't watch anything. Three times. You've got to wait 17 minutes to get through. 20 minutes to get through. Yeah I was surprised they work so late but they do. Yeah we had to make sure the it's complicated but the referral because you've got to have a health care plan that goes with this referral. It's for one of the kids otherwise it's a new federal thing you don't get a rebate. So we had to make sure otherwise I'll turn up and I'll pay this great amount and like at a Medicare I'll go sorry it's not been okay and I thought oh and it's very expensive. So we sorted it all out after three calls. Yeah so it was about an hour and a half on the phone. Hour. Okay so um uh 9 30 quarter to 10. So um you told me you're sick and you know dried cereal in a plastic bag. Yeah um you then uh no no specialist. Yeah it wasn't and then you went a little bit of shopping was in there somewhere but I wasn't very clear where it was because I can't actually remember where it was but it was a drop into the local shops at some point. Yeah okay so no uh mainly fruit and veg mainly veg really yeah and bread. So then you went to black no west made yeah and then you went gym. No the pool. Okay did you have yeah um how long? Uh I had to hurry which was annoying 30 30 minutes. And then? No with friends about six all up six seven coming again no a roll with cheese through it. You got home? Uh uh home at four well no I had to pick the little one up from school so I left there and got got home would have been ten to three unpacked and then went up to the school. Yeah and then and then went home? Yes uh no would have been more like 20 past three 25 past three. Um and then you decided? No I could have but I don't know no I did I put a wash out I remember that at some point yeah yeah and then it rained yeah uh no no we had um bristles yeah like a hamburger um more like 9 30. Yeah so when you went to yeah didn't go to the dentist went to the local GP picked up one referral no I actually spoke about a referral had to be picked up later that night no that was up with the friends. Oh sure no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no No comment, no comment...