 When I got up in the morning I had a quick shower, I got the boys up and got Joshua into his swimmers and packed his school bag and pushed Matthew and argued with him to get organised so I could get him to school on time and dropped the kids at school and came to work with my husband. He dropped me at work. When I got into work, the first thing I did was look at my diary to decide what I had to do for the day and I had marked three priorities. The first one was to organise diaries for the command. So essentially I spent the first part of the morning confirming prices, product codes and available styles. Then I set up a template with photographs so that when I circulated the list of options to the command people could see what was available and then I put together a table for people to complete with their options and circulated it. I went off to lunch after that and had my light and easy lunch. So I spent about half an hour at lunch and just did some Twitter on my iPhone. When I came back to my desk, I started working on a file that relates to a car that's been hail damaged and I had some discussions with the police finance team, then the Suncorp insurers. Then I put together a brief on what I determined and put that aside and just did some miscellaneous things like sorting out some keys for people and opening some general access rooms up for people to come in that night to inspect the air conditioning. My husband picked me up about 3.30 from work and I went home. When I got home, I gave the kids a big cuddle and we had a big laugh and got Matthew ready for baseball and then took Joshua with me. Matthew went off to baseball with my husband and I took the younger of our children, Joshua, up to Blacktown to get a special game that Matthew pre-ordered. We got caught in a very bad storm and it was frightening for Joshua, so we waited until that passed and then came home from the shops about 6 o'clock. We all had dinner and then I sat down to watch some television and went to sleep. Woke up about half past 11, the kids were still awake, so I put them to bed quickly and then went to bed. And that was the end of the day, about quarter to 12. So what did you have for dinner? I had a baked dinner. So it was lamb, actually it was beef, peas, carrot, potato, pumpkin and gravy. And a bottle of Diet Coke. So what time did you have it? Yesterday morning, 7.15. No, I had it at work about... How much did you have? Yesterday, I had cereal and a, what was muesli actually, and a mandarin and a bottle of water. And what time did you get to work? I got to work at 10 past nine. Okay, sorry, you said you got into work at about nine? 10 past nine. And what time did you have? 1.30. So you worked all afternoon, you left about 4.30? About 3.45 actually. I had an early day because I was very tired and was finding it hard to stay concentrating in the afternoon. So you went home and took your son... My husband took my son to baseball practice and I took our other son up to Blacktown EB Games because Matthew, who went to baseball, had pre-ordered an electronic game and it had been released at midnight the night before and he was desperate for us to pick it up. And I refused to go up midnight the night before, so I said I'll pick it up tomorrow afternoon after work. And we got caught in a really bad storm. So we stayed up at Blacktown till about six o'clock, which was like 40 minutes longer than we needed to, but I just wanted to wait until the storm had passed. When you got home, you started preparing dinner? No, we bought it last night. Trevor bought it on the way home from baseball. We ordered a baked dinner from Jenny's Chicken at Toongabee. And because we had had a late night and because I wasn't home when I thought I would be because of the storm, so we would have had chicken otherwise, but we had a baked dinner, which we bought. And then you went to... After dinner? Yeah, watching the television and I think we were watching A Current Affair or something like that and it was boring, so I thought I'll shut my eyes till something comes on. And I think at 8.30 last night, NCIS was on and I watched NCIS. Actually, I watched all of NCIS and it was when NCIS LA came on that I went to sleep. And then when I woke up, it was half past 11 or thereabouts and the kids were still up, so I put them to bed. So yesterday you had lunch? No, 1.30. 1.30 and you had a Jenny Craig meal? No, it was light and easy and it was a tomato chicken pastry thing with yogurt. So during your hour lunch, you went on... Twitter. You had an hour for lunch? No, half an hour and I played with Twitter just while I was eating, just checking out what the latest news was on the Michael Jackson case, what traffic conditions were happening and just a couple of other tweets from Shane Warne and people like that. So you said that you got in work 8.30? 10 past nine. 10 past nine? Mm-hmm. Okay, a colleague of yours... No, I didn't. I couldn't have because I'd had to drop my son off at school for a swimming morning and he had to get the bus by 8.30. If he wasn't there before 8... If he was... If I'd have got into work at 8.30, he would have been at school before the school was open because it takes me at least half an hour to get from Toon Gabby to Parramatta. So they're mistaken. They're not... That's not correct. So is there any way you can verify... Well, I would have scanned my card and my husband would have got into work about 9.15 because he works five minutes down the road and probably I made a phone call on the way to work to my mother and that would be on my call register. And oh, and also I saw the building manager when I came in and he spoke to me about people coming in last night to the building out of hours to check the air conditioning. So he would have seen me at 10 past nine and also I would have been on CCTV. So they're definitely mistaken about the time. Check the software security card. And it actually... Well, someone must have used it because I wasn't here at 8.30. There's no way that could have happened. And I have both the access cards I have in this container and they're here now and they've got staples in them. So you can see they can't have fallen out. So they need to go and check their time stamps on that turnstile because that's not correct. We have to make inquiries about that. Sure. No comment. What is your address? No comment. What is your date of birth? No comment. What is your favourite... No comment. Today's Saturday? No comment. Do you know Fred Apple? No comment. Where were your... No comment. No comment. No comment. What car do you want? No comment. Have you made... No comment. No comment. No comment. What did you meet any... No comment. How many... No comment. What is your email? No comment. Who's your favourite... No comment. Can you speak French? No comment. Where did you have fun? No comment. Would you have for breakfast? No comment. Did you drive your car... No comment. What is your favourite... No comment.