 Well, as usual I got up late because it was a wet day and I didn't want out of bed. And I went and had a shower, got the boys up, worked out what clothing I was going to wear and then drove over to my sister's house because I had to get her organised yesterday and her daughter. And on the way over I had to detour because there was an accident on Fitzwilliam Road and it was a pain in the neck because you can never anticipate that and I'm on a real tight schedule. So I detoured and ended up being about 15 minutes late to get my sister organised. So I got my niece to school and then went back and got Kath dressed and just made all the beds at her house and looked at the kitchen and thought I'll have to leave that and raced off. So Kath and I, we were a bit late getting to work because of the initial accident on Fitzwilliam Road. So I dropped Kath off at Westmead and then drove to work and because I was running late I had to just park out the front of work for half an hour, get a ticket to park and raced upstairs and then said to everybody, look I've just got to go and move my car because it's only got half an hour parking. So I went and moved the car and then came back to work and then for the rest of the morning at work I organised a quote for specialised and personalised stamp until half past 12 when I then went out for lunch for one of the ladies that was leaving yesterday and we had a lovely lunch at the Thai restaurant and I had a massive bowl of laksa which was absolutely beautiful, completely fattening and probably kill me with cholesterol or whatever. But that was lovely and then I went and bought two really nice dresses after that, after lunch. I left lunch and went up to the shops and bought some dresses and then came back to work and then worked on a resume of one of my work colleagues till five o'clock because she needed to submit it that day and needed some help with it and it was a very, very big job to fix it up. And so then I left work at about five and went straight to McDonald's at Abbott Road because it was my niece's birthday and we had a McDonald's little party and a cake and everything and gave her her birthday presents and then came home via, about seven o'clock left McDonald's and went to Seven Hill Shopping Centre to buy my niece on my husband's side some outfits because she's just had a baby girl. Went home, wrapped up the presents, got the kids to write on the cards and my husband to write on the cards and then at about nine o'clock I then took them up to my mother-in-law's place because she was going to be seeing the baby today so she could take them to the hospital. And then I came home, I went upstairs and laid in bed and watched a movie called Marley and Me which is about a dog and fell asleep while it was on and woke up at half past one with the television going and the lights on, turned all that off and went to sleep and that was the end of the day. Mm-hmm. No. No. Yes. I got to the bit where the baby came home and they introduced the baby to the dog. No. Okay. Usually it is. Oh about half past nine, quarter to ten. Oh probably about eight-ish. Yes. What night was it? Yeah it was Thursday night. No, it's Thursday night but interestingly they closed earlier than nine o'clock and I thought maybe I have got this wrong but no, they... most of the shops are shutting up about eight-ish. Oh about quarter past seven. No, no I didn't eat breakfast. I didn't have breakfast at all actually. I didn't even have it when I got to work. No, it was until about eight-thirty. No, I got her to school about quarter to nine. Yes. Um actually it was probably a bit later. Would have been about nine-thirty. Yeah probably. Yes. Well actually it would have been earlier than nine-thirty because I got to my work at nine-thirty. I moved my car about quarter past ten. It was a bit after. It would have been... no it would have been about ten o'clock because I only had half an hour parking and I got to work at half past nine. Yeah. Oh no, no I didn't. I had a... No, because I put a ticket on the inside of the vehicle because I paid for the half hour parking. Pretty much, yes. No, I went to lunch at twelve-thirty. No, it was Thai. No, I had seafood laksa. Yeah, that's okay. No, I went to the Greenway Arcade and just bought some dresses because there's a shop shutting down in there and they had them all on sale. No, it wasn't two-thirty. It was about two. No, it was five. Five o'clock. Uh no, it wasn't KFC. It was McDonald's. No, I went to Seven Hills to buy the present. A baby present. Uh, I parked in the open car park. Yep. Yes, there was. It was pretty busy but it was raining so it wasn't probably as busy as it would have been ordinarily. Yes. Yep. And my husband's. Yep. No. Yep. Seven-fifteen. That. No. Not at all because I got out on the driver's side which was next to like a garden and the kids, well, didn't get out of the car as far as I know. On the left side. So that was the only car that was beside me on the left side. No. No. Not at all. I didn't. No. Definitely didn't. Yep. No. But then it was dark. It was dark at about eight because that's when I came out. Oh, you know, called eight because I got there about seven-fifteen and I wouldn't have been half an hour. Nope. Yep. No, I went to bed about after nine-ish and um put a movie on and I woke up about half past one and it was still going. Well, it had gone back to the the menu page. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment no comment no comment no comment