 Yesterday morning when I woke up, I was a bit late because I slept in and it was wet so it was very quiet. So I had to race around and get the kids organised because Joshua is swimming at the moment so he had to be at school by about 20 past 8. So I had to drag him up and get him dressed and breakfast and organised while our older child Matthew just slowly progressed through the morning chores. And we got Joshua to school at about 25 past 8 just in time to get the bus and then I came back home and got Maddy organised. And then came, then Matthew, myself and my husband all left home and we dropped Matthew off and then Trevor drove me to work and dropped me off in Parramatta. So I got to work about 20 past 9 and then had a big file in relation to a car that's been hailed damaged so I had to look into that. And probably spent the best part of 4 hours on that just ringing state contracts control board, getting some legal advice, looking up contracts, discussing the incident with the driver, going back to two smash repairers to get some alternative quotes, discussing it with my manager and then the director and then putting it aside at about half past 12 to go and have lunch. Well, no, half past 1 actually. And so I went and had some lunch and did some Twitter and also reviewed a quote that I've got to do some renovations for my house. When I came back after lunch I worked on doing some stationary orders for some specialised items that our area uses but I didn't get that finished because I had to go back to the hail damage claim for that vehicle that I was looking at early on in the morning. And I finished off the working day by sitting with a solicitor discussing contract law with them and being picked up. I left that with them to do some things for me so that I can collect it from them today and left work about half past 4. My husband picked me up and we drove home and on the way home I had to make some calls because the traffic was dreadful because of the rain. So I rang up the swimming centre that my son was going to be going to and said we're going to miss the lesson because we're not going to be there on time and we arranged to take him half an hour later. When I got home I got my son ready to go to his swimming lesson in the afternoon and my other son was just playing the Xbox. I heated up one of my dinners, organised with my husband what the other two kids were going to have and him for dinner and then sat down and watched a movie on a DVD. After that movie finished I talked with my husband about the quote that we've got for renovating the house. I rang the St George Bank about options for finance and then at about half past 9, 10 o'clock went up to bed and checked the kids were all organised and laid in bed and went to bed and went to sleep. That would have been probably about 10 o'clock by the time I went to sleep or at least shut my eyes. It was called I Love You Man, it wasn't very good but it was funny and it had Jason Seagal in it and Paul Rudd. I had a light and easy baked turkey dinner that you heat up in the microwave for 8 minutes. Matthew and Joshua had pasta, Josh just has plain pasta because he doesn't like any sauce and Matthew had it with a tomato based sauce and my husband had cold beef salad that we'd cooked some beef and he just cut some off and put together a bit of a salad. It wouldn't have been until about half past 7, 20 to 8. Normally I'd get up about half past 6, 7 o'clock so I was really behind the clock. I don't know what happened, actually my mum rang me about 7 and said, you know, because we both take care of my sister who's disabled and she was usually, I do Thursdays run but things had changed yesterday with my sister so I didn't go yesterday and I must have just picked the phone up, spoken to mum and put it back down again and gone back to sleep. Yeah I did, I must have just thought I'd put my head down and go back to sleep and I'd have a think about what I was going to wear and I'd gone back to sleep and I'd woken up about 20 past or something and my god, moving and grooving. No, I didn't have breakfast, I had it on the way in the car. I just had a piece of toast, well it was just a piece of bread with Vegemite on it that I'd just put on with the back of a spoon and ate that and a bit of yoghurt. So I had that in the car on the way to work while I was putting my makeup on because I wasn't driving. I am woman, hear me roar! No, I did it with my husband in the car because he drove and dropped me off because I was running late. If I had driven I would have actually been late for work because I have to park 20 minutes away and walk and not only that it was pouring with rain so I said to him, would he mind waiting to take me to work because essentially I work en route to where he works. It's a bit of a detour but he was begrudgingly happy to do it yesterday. No, it was about 9.25pm and I have to be there by 9.30pm so it was pretty close to the mark. Yeah, 9 to 9.30pm just depending on what I've got to do with the kids in the morning or with my sister. No, but I was late getting up and getting the kids organised and therefore everything got put out of schedule because of starting off late. Yeah, it was actually I think it was more like 1.30pm. Yesterday I had chicken cacciatore or something like that. It was a light and easy meal you just put in the microwave for 4 minutes and then I had a light and easy fruit and nut bar and a cup of tea. No, I twitted. I went onto my Twitter account and caught up with the news of the day on my Twitter account and did actually check out to see whether my Facebook account was up and running because I only activated it the night before but no, it wasn't. I've had it but I haven't used it and then when you don't use it you have to send your driver's licence details to them because they think you're trying to hack your own account. But no, and I'm not interested in Facebook. I only really want it because my friends want me on it so I can see what one of my best friends lives in England and he posts a lot of his activities on there but I prefer Twitter. Well, no, I was looking at quotes for car repairs but for work related but for my home I'm getting some renovations done so I was reviewing the latest quote for a double carport installation and an entertainment area installation. So I was looking at that thinking how much money would we have to borrow and looking at it culling a few things because it's blowing out. About contract law. No, it was to do with contract law and settling a claim where there's been hail damage with a hire vehicle and the idea was that we want to settle it but we want to make sure that the company can't come back with any further claims once we settle this claim as it stands now. So we're drawing up a deed of arrangement and that's what she's doing for me at the moment. No, it would have been about 4.30. No, my husband picked me up out the front because it was raining and I didn't have my car and I would to walk to the station. It's another 10-15 minutes and it was just pouring in a horrible so I asked him if he'd pick me up. So he did begrudgingly. Yes. No, it would have been about 5.15 but that was like 20 minutes longer or 25 minutes longer than we would ordinarily take. It's usually about 15-20 minutes drive home but it took double that yesterday because of the traffic and it was wet. So I had to ring my son does swimming in the afternoons every Thursday and we missed the five o'clock class or 10 past five class because we got stuck in traffic. Did you pass Parramatta golf course? No, there weren't any incidents, but there was some stupid drivers on the road that the you know, there was no incidents as such only my husband having a bit of road rage because there was an idiotic driver who went through a red light over here at Parramatta around from Church Street turned turned at a no right turn after the light had gone red. So Trevor of her would abuse out of her was a woman and she pulled over and was looking like an idiot because she didn't know what she'd done wrong, but only for the fact that she turned right against a red light and at a no right turn intersection part from that. She was fine on the road. He sort of slowed down to say you're an idiot and she looked at him like what are you going on about and I said Trevor just keep driving. We didn't have an accident. Don't worry, but he was very angry about it. No, because I told him not to but he was cranky enough that he could have and he was abusing her. No, I didn't and it's a one that it's not a wind down one. It's when you push the button so he could have pushed it down, but he realized he was you know, he was cranky too cranky to actually talk to this woman because it was a close call, but it was it wasn't close enough that we hit her. So that was good and it wouldn't have been our fault, but she was an idiot. Well, that can't be right because we were in the stream of traffic. If that had happened, we would have stopped a whole line of traffic. Well, see, I don't think that I don't know how they've got that organized how they can come up with that because she parked on the left hand side of the road and he would have had to have gotten out on the driver's side of the road and and there wasn't because the one way Street there was also on the right hand side of him flow through traffic. So he would have caused knowing he would have got hit by car had he got out on that side of the road. So now he didn't get out and we didn't want the window down. He just slowed down held abuse at her and kept driving verbally held abuse. I should say verbally. No, no, it was about just after 5 because we're supposed to be swimming by 10 past and we'd miss that. Well, my husband did. I didn't know. No, it was light and easy. It was turkey breast traditional baked dinner. No, I don't even know what the Jenny Craig ones are always just get light and easy because they deliver it to my door and I don't have to go anywhere for it. No, it was I love you man. And it wasn't with my husband because it's a chick flick and he wouldn't watch it. But he didn't he went in and played on the computer and did something on the computer. Yeah. Yeah, but he had a roast beef salad like you just cut some cold meat some salad some cold meat off and made himself a bit of a salad with it, which I thought was odd when it's hot stinking a freezing cold day. It's not like it was stinging hot day. It would have been better to have vegetables with it, but he wanted salad. So that's what he had. No, it was with St. George actually, but I talked to him. Yes, we talked about what sort of finances we would want and what our maximum weekly repayment would be. So then I contacted St. George and said, we're looking at this sort of a repayment each week. What sort of money can we get? And the money was more than enough what we needed. But we did call a few items because I need off the quote list because they need council approval and they'll be fiddly and we don't want to be bothered with all of that. So we'll just leave them till another time would have been wouldn't have been 11 would have been about 10. I reckon. Yeah. No, let me know. me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me. Thank you.