 Okay, yesterday morning was Monday, yeah the beginning of the week, so I was up about quarter to seven. So I do my normal shower, whatever, get dressed, probably left home at round about twenty to eight. So I walk down to the station and catch the eight o'clock train and so that gets me into work about twenty five past eight. So generally when I get to work, just yeah, generally wash my hands and then clean out my glass and have a drink of water and cut up the orange and have brekkie. And then start work, settle in for the day, do my resubs. Lunchtime was probably around about quarter to one. I walked down to the post office because I needed to get some Christmas cards and a few things. So I was probably back in the office about 1.30. Yeah, I didn't have time to grab any lunch. So I went to the canteen and grabbed a packet of Smith's crisps for lunch. Actually, I got two packets, but I only ate one. And I had an orange with that and an apple. Then I was still fairly hungry and then I got a KitKat and then I settled back in to do some work in the afternoon. I was working on a document with another lady and then I left work at round about, what time was it, was about twenty to five. And then that got me home around about 5.30. By the time I walked home from the station. So then last night I got home. I'd made some candles over the weekend and they were still and I put them in empty drink containers. So they were all solid. So I proceeded to cut them all up and cut my fingers as I was doing all of that. And so yeah, that took a little while. So then I watched the news and whatever, had a look on Facebook for a while. And yeah, I had a bath. It's because it's quite cold. So, you know, had a nice hot bath and tucked myself into the cave about 8.30. And read probably till about 10.30. Off to sleep. Just the news, the TV was on. I think I could sort of caught bits of the six o'clock Channel 7 news and then yeah, generally I like to watch the seven o'clock ABC news. And I watched a bit of the 7.30 report and actually I was, and then I was on the phone. I was going to watch the next program, but then I was on the phone between 7.30 and after till after about 10 past 8. Saturday night. Saturday night? No, no, no. Saturday I did go out. Yes, went out shopping in the afternoon. No, there's an outlet. There's a in Rosebury, there's a Ernesto Lauder outlet. So I needed to go to there. So you can only get in there by invitation. You need a little card to get in and thankfully my sister had given me one a couple of years ago, which I keep using and each time they take it off me because you have to return it when you buy your product and then I just generally say hmm, where would I get another one of those so I could come back and they generally give it back to me. Time they gave me too. It's usually like some people are members and then other people they just seems that they sort of pass them out as a bit of promotion or somewhere along the way. I don't know, I really know how it works. I'm not too sure because I'm not a member. I've just got the card to get in that was given to me by my sister whose husband I think he did a job for the company at one stage and I think they gave him a number of cards to to then but he's not in, you know, he's in private enterprise. So they'd given him a number of cards that he could, you know, give to his wife and friends and that's how I acquired my first card. Yes, they have a lot of makeup perfumes. They have a lot of the Estee Lauder range, but they also have like Bobby Brown makeup or Clinique. They have Tom Ford perfumes. They have yeah a few different ranges of things. It's only tiny little shop because that's where I went. Yeah, they're open till 2 o'clock on a Saturday not on Sundays and you can only actually I saw a sign that said that they're moving to Mitchell Street. I don't know. I drive down Mitchell Street to get there, but where? The next one over I think so it's not in Roseberry. It'll be in just before not Botany. Mitchell Street comes out of around Erskineville in around that area somewhere in there, I think. Yeah, well the Roseberry's in around Alexandria area. Yeah, so but anyway, yeah, but I imagine if I go back the next few other sign would still be there just said moving soon. I didn't take a lot of notice because yeah, so it's well worth because I bought a bottle of Tom Ford. It wasn't not the actual one that I want at the moment but it was called Italian Cypress now at Myers. I think they were there around about somewhere between 230, 260 a bottle and I got that for 174. So I couldn't resist it. Just had to have it. But I generally go there for because my all-time favorite is the Estee Lauder used to you so and you can get that very cheap there. I know they've had it in the past. It's a it's yeah, it's it's one of theirs. They have beautiful they have knowing air they've got all those. Yeah, they generally keep I think pretty much their own range and then they have a few others. They've got men's ranges of different, you know, like no, I can't name them all because I don't really get a lot of them in stuff. But yeah, yeah, they're all known. Yeah, so that's where I went. I did go there to on to purchase a gift for somebody else, but I just bought it for me because I can just add it to the shelf. That was around about oh just before two o'clock. I had 10 minutes actually 10 minutes to talk It was 10 to 2 when I got there because they have guards at the door and they said please hurry the store closes in 10 minutes. So yeah, I just made it but yeah, just a little bit after two. Yeah, and then after that I went to where did I go? I went to I think I drove to the Marrickville Metro. Yes, because I wanted something else. I can't remember now why I did that. But yeah, I think I drove there. Yeah, I did go there I'd go to the Marrickville Metro. I think I've got home around about 530. Yeah, it was about 20 minutes to 7. I catch the eight o'clock train not to the trains. No, I walk to the train station. That's correct. Yes. I had an orange and a glass of water. Yes, that's correct. Yes. Yes. No, I'd been there previously. So and then I had lunch when I came back after going to the post office. Yeah, my smiths crisps at 1.30 for lunch after I get got back from the post office. Yeah, I had a smiths crisps at 1.30 for lunch after I get got back from the post office. No, no, no, just smiths crisps out of the I did. Yes, I like their shops there. They actually ended up buying more than I anticipated because I got cards and they had this a very funny calendar. So I couldn't resist that. And then I got packing bags because I've got lots of prezzies that I got to send to people. So yeah, I did end up getting a lot more than I anticipated. And I found out they don't have give you bags anymore. So they've gone all green. So yes, I did. So there was four packs of cards. There was three packs plus the calendar. It was about $65. Yes, at home I have. Yep. Yes. Cash on card. Well card. Yeah. On my savings account. Yeah, not not not Accle cash. No. Yeah. Yes, I will. Yes. Yes. It'll show up on my monthly statement. Yeah. No comment on that. Yes, I did. Not to my knowledge. No, it was a a kick cat. Let's have a break. Kick cat. That's that's it. Yeah, no, that was about 20 to five when I finished work. No, I always catch a train always catch a train home. Only if I'm going into sometimes if I go catch a train into the city after work. So there might be something that I'll do in town after work and I'd catch a bus home from work from town because it's closer. The drop offs closer. It's a bit later at night and I'll catch a bus then. Yeah, but otherwise generally no. I made the candles over the weekend but though so what I need to do is take them out of their containers last night. So and so that's what I did. The channel seven news I briefly saw and then and the ABC news at seven o'clock. Now I looked I don't have Twitter but Facebook. Yeah, I did a quick check on Facebook. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Not coming. Not coming. Not coming. Not coming. Not coming. Not coming. Not coming. Not coming.