 Yesterday was, gosh, what's today? Monday, yesterday's, today's Tuesday, yesterday was Monday. Normal routine, up about 6.30, shower, catch the train, at about time to catch the train yesterday. A quarter to eight train I caught yesterday and arrived at work about five past eight. So then just sorted through what I had to check my resubs for the day. Then the manager came in and we had a quick chat and we arranged that we'd have a meeting through the day. Let's talk about the week. The bulk of the day was taken up doing, just trying to write an expression of interest to relieve in a position. So that took up a lot of time and I'm also assisting another friend to do an application at the moment. So that sort of took up the bulk of the day, albeit that there was a number of files that I've reached my desk that I then had to sort of take priority today. So yeah, finished work at approximately, what was about five, 20 to five yesterday. So lucky to catch the, I had to wait five or 10 minutes for the train and then yeah, walked home and then when I arrived home, I had a girlfriend staying, so yeah, we chatted for a while and then she got herself sorted and she, off she went. So then I had to do a lot of sort of house cleaning and stuff to get ready for the next lot of visitors that are coming today. So, oh, then I also had to, yeah, sort of, I watched, I think I watched the seven o'clock ABC news and then not long after that, after dinner, then I just back at the computer and just tidied up the EOI application to have that finished to hand it over this morning. So that was sort of the bulk of my day yesterday. Oh, bed was at, what time was that? Actually it was about quarter past 10 when I went to bed and then read till, it was nearly 11.30 before I turned the light off, yeah. No, I don't generally have breakfast till, well generally when I get to work, then I'll have an orange and got some Anzac biscuits on the desk there at the moment. So generally just have that for brekkie once I get to work and a glass of water, I'm not a tea or coffee drinker, so. Yeah, oh, lunch yesterday, yeah, I actually went out of the office cause I wanted to go down to the $2 store. So coming back past that, yeah, I just ducked into a little cafe thing there and grabbed a sandwich, just, yeah, what was it, just on white bread, it was some ham, cheese, avocado and mayo, yeah. So that was it. Generally it was around, generally I have lunch around about quarter to one, so I think it was still around about that time, quarter to one and I was back in the office again by 1.30, yeah, back at the desk. Yeah, a $2 shop just down in Regent Street, yeah. No, no, they didn't have what I was looking for, no, which was a bit bothersome, yeah, cause it just meant I had to then, yeah, think of what else to do, but then I remembered I had some wrapping paper at home, so I was just after some bags to put a gift in, and so I like to gift the bags rather than wrap, but anyway, it all worked out in the end. No, it was around about 6.30, yeah. No, I'm a train person, yeah, I always catch the train, walk down to the station from home. No, not from where I live, I don't catch the bus. Generally catch the train into work, but if I need to, if I end up going into town from work, I'll catch a train in and generally then I'd catch a bus home from the city, much easier, it's sort of the drop off is a bit closer to home later at night than it is with the train station, so, but yeah, that's about the only time that I'd sort of catch buses, yeah. No, it would have been round about, so by the time you catch the train and that sort of thing, it's around about five past eight when I generally get into work, yeah, yeah. Well, I don't really know why they'd be saying that because I generally do start at that time and yeah, I'm pretty sure that my time sheet would reflect round about that approximate time of starting, so yes, yes, we do, yeah, we do utilize that to swipe cards, so at the front of the building and then also to actually get into our office area, so yeah, so there's two occasions when the swipe card is used. Oh, well, strangely enough, yeah, there's the odd occasion when somebody, like they get to work and they'll knock on the door and they'll say, oh, I forgot my pass or something, you know, so, but that's sort of once they've got into the building, so you might just lend it to them if they know that they're just, because to go to the bathrooms and that stuff out of the office, then they still need a swipe card to get back in, so, but not to take home or anything like that, no, just while they're actually on site, so you know that you've sort of got a bit of control over its use, yeah. Yes, I did, yeah, no, not yesterday, mm, yeah. Well, no comment, it was about 12.45, around about 12.45. No, tomatoes not one of my favourite food groups, avocado, ham and cheese and mayo, yeah, I'm a bit of a stickler for, yeah, I don't explore too much outside my favourite food groups, so yeah, it was about, between 5.30, 5.40, yeah, because I think it was about the 5.45 train that I actually got home, caught home. It would have been around that time, because I really, sometimes if I get to the station at 4.30, there's a, you know, 14, 15 minute delay, but to wait for the train, so yesterday it was only about five minutes, so yeah, yeah. Oh, it was about 22, 22.6, 25, no, getting all the times mixed up, sorry, no, it was 20 to five when I left work, yeah, so, yeah, 20 to five, so it was about the 5.45, I'm still saying quarter to six, the 4.45 train. No, I just went straight home yesterday, yeah, caught the train, straight home, and then I walked. Yeah, that's about, it's about 500 metres from the train station to where I live, yeah, so. I always sit at the last carriage, yeah, basically because I'm sort of, I'm lazy. Reduce the walk, so that gets me off pretty much right on the stairs, so when you get off the train, straight up the stairs and off you go. So I generally catch either the second last or the last carriage, used to, but yesterday was the last carriage, yeah. Downstairs, downstairs I was sitting yesterday. I generally sit downstairs, pretty rare that I'll go up the stairs on the train. No, generally it's not too bad, I generally do get a seat, yeah, so there's a lot of people that just sort of stand in the doorway, because a lot of people get off at the first station, so yeah, so they don't usually generally use the seats, so that allows me just to go down to the stairs, go downstairs and catch a seat, because I've got about six stations before I get off. No, I don't, I'm a reader, so I've got my Kindle, so my electronic reader, so I use, I just bury myself in that. Yes, that's correct. It is around 20 minutes, yeah. No, there was a bit of noise, but I don't know so much about anybody yelling. No, sometimes you can hear people running, because I'm in the bottom carriage on the top, you can hear if people are running up and down the carriage or something, or stomping, so probably about the only noise I heard was sort of up on the carriage above me. Yeah, oh, well gosh, you know, there's so many that do swear these days, you know, just young kids in general conversation, constantly with the big F word, yeah, that's, but I try not to sort of take too much notice, so, but yeah, it can be distracting, but yeah. As I said, there was some loud noises, probably on the top carriage, but I don't, yeah, I don't know what was really happening, because I didn't really explore that, yes. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, comment.