 Oh wow, when I first got up yesterday it was at probably approximately, what time did I get up today? 10 past 7, which is my normal routine. 10 past 7, the usual thing, just shower, whatever, get ready for work, walk down to the station which is approximately 500 metres down the road. Caught the 7.40 train and arrived at work at approximately 10 past 8. So I wasn't at work on Friday so then I had to do a lot of follow ups and things from what was outstanding from the week before and wrote up a couple of reports. Lunch was at approximately 12.45 until about 1.30. Then continued working in the afternoon and finished work about 4.30, 4.35. Waited for the train, walked back to the station of course, waited for the train, I think it was about 5.30 when I got home and then just into my normal routine when I got home from work which was just, I think I had some washing on the line, whatever, cooked dinner, watched a bit of telly, played on the computer and was probably in bed around about 9 o'clock and read my Kindle, my new purchase, until about, I don't know, I turned the light off about 10.30. No, I don't have breakfast, no. I generally wait until I get to work and then I have an orange when I get to work and a glass of water. Lunch was a Vegemite sandwich. Yeah, I took some bread from home so I have butter and Vegemite at work so I was too lazy to go out and buy myself anything more substantial so just a Vegemite sandwich. No, I don't drink tea or coffee so just water. Through the week I'm a water drinker. Dinner last night I had leftover silverside and veggies which I'd cooked on Sunday, when did I cook that? Saturday. Saturday? Saturday evening, yeah. So I always usually cook enough to last a couple of days so leftovers. That'll be the 7 o'clock news, the 7.30 report, the Australian story and that's it. After that there's not much else on telly. Well it was a repeat of the story about William McGuinness and his wife because she just recently passed away. I'd seen the movie that looked both ways, it was an amazing film. So yeah, it was quite sad because she was diagnosed with breast cancer probably five years or so ago and yeah, quite sad. They seemed to have a really great relationship. Plus I think he's a bit of a spunk anyway so anything that he's on, even though he did take over Diver Dan's spot on Sea Change. Yeah, so, but no, he's a good actor. So you said that you got up about what? No, about ten past seven. Do you have any animals? No, no, no, nothing like that. No animals, no children, no, there's just me. So then you caught the bull? No, I didn't catch the bull. I caught the bull. I walked down to the station and I catch the train, so that's my normal routine. And that walk is? No, it's about 500 metres. It takes me about 15 minutes to walk down there. I do occasionally, yeah, on days when I know if it's bad weather, raining and whatever or if I've got something that I need to do after work, then I might drive down. But sometimes it's hard to get a free spot so it's not always easy. But generally I'll walk rather than drive. When was the last time? That might have been about, I don't know, I think there was one day last week when it was that really, they were talking about some severe storms. Yeah, I think that was, yeah, whatever day that was, Tuesday or Wednesday, I can't quite remember. Yeah. It was Tuesday or Wednesday. I don't know, I'd probably have to try and recall the weather. I think there was some heavy storms on Tuesday. It could have been Wednesday. So then you got into work? No, because generally if I catch the, round about the 7.40 train or whatever, it's about five past, ten past eight when I get into work. And then you have? No, I always, because I've, generally my habit is just to, I have oranges, a bunch of oranges at home, so I'll generally take an orange in to work. And then, yeah, so normal routine is I generally, first thing, wash my hands, get the public transport off my hands, and then, yeah, clean out my glass, grab a glass of water, and then cut my orange up and, yeah, have that, a little bit of a general chit-chat to people at work before I start getting into work. Okay, so you said you started at ten past eight? I was around about ten past eight. Okay, a colleague called me. Well, I don't know, they mightn't have seen me come into the building. I don't know, like where I work, there's many different sections in the building, so, there's sort of two sides, so, and generally, I come in on what we call, I suppose, the B side, and I know that they work over on the A side, so I don't know if it's their normal habit to come in on the A side, like on the B side, and maybe notice me at work at that time every day and maybe they change their routine or something, but no, yeah, I don't know why they, or I believe that I didn't start till nine o'clock when I was there at that time, so. Do you use? Yes, we do have a swipe card, yeah. So that is done? Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's all sort of, a swipe card access, yeah, from getting into the main part of the building and then from once you get out of the lift, then there's another swipe card that shows to actually get into the office area that I work, so that would verify the time that I got into work. We've actually checked QT, and we've checked morning of 9.18? Well, I don't know, there's no reason for the anomaly, I don't know, there isn't any reason why I would be coming up, why it would be coming up differently, I really don't know, no. I mean, unless you wanted to check with my work colleagues, I don't know if there was some glitch in the system or something, but I suppose that would be hard to explain, but you know, the work colleagues that I spoke to, I suppose there could also be a check done with them, just to verify what time I did come into work. So you work in the morning, and then you had... Well, it was about quarter to one when I looked at the clock, so, yeah. We have actually checked that data again, and it definitely, the machine, so there's no way... Okay, okay. Well, unless there's just some, I don't know, I mean, I just, I know that I got up at the same time every day, you know, unless I just seemed to take a lot longer to get to work than I normally did, I don't know, I mean, I might have, what did I, did I do something else before I... Sometimes when I get off the train, I'll go down to the flower shop and get flowers, because I always like flowers on my desk at work, and I might just grab some other fruit or some stuff to take for lunch, so, you know, there's a possibility that I could have done that, which could have explained why, you know, maybe I was, you know, because my normal routine that I am at work at that time, so maybe the time was just a bit later than I really realised, without looking at the clock when I actually walked in, so that would be... There's a possibility that that could have occurred, yeah. So what time did you arrive? Well, possibly I would have put down the time that I thought that I had arrived at work, which would have been at probably about ten past eight, so therefore that would be incorrect as well, if the swipe system is indicating that I arrived at nine, so, yeah. So you've worked all morning and then you've had some lunch, and you had peanut butter sandwich? No, that was a Vegemite sandwich, yeah. Did you have a Pro-Mite? No, ugh, no, no. Not on my favourite food groups, no. No, no. It was probably about forty, because generally when I'm having lunch I go into Google and read the online newspaper, so for about thirty minutes, yeah, so I read the Daily Telegraph online, yeah. So you finished work at... No, it wasn't... I always finish around about four thirty, between four thirty, four thirty-five, four forty, around that time. And then you caught the bus? No, caught the train. Caught the train, yeah. Always catch the train home, yeah. So you don't drive? Well, no, even when I drive, I only drive down to the station, and then I catch the, um, I still catch the train home, and just drive from the station. So no, I don't actually drive into work, to where I actually work, because there's no parking available, so. So if I drive at all, it's just driving my car down to the station to initially get the train to work, and then I catch the train from work back to there. So do you ever catch the train? No, not from where I work, no. But I do catch the bus if I want to go into town, like I'll catch the train into town, um, say if I've got an appointment, say at Newtown or something, I'll catch the train from Redfern to Newtown, um, and then I'll catch the bus home from that appointment. But not directly from work, I don't catch the bus home directly from work, yeah. So you got home at about... It was about five thirty when I got home, which is about normal time from when I'm walking up. It was a very hot day, it was about thirty-seven degrees or something, so it was a bit of a slower struggle trying to get, because it's a slight incline all the way up, so that took me a little bit longer to get to that walk yesterday. So, um, when you got in, did you iron anything? No, no, generally routine is just putting everything down. I think I got some, um, I got the washing off the line, um, folded that up and just put that away. I rarely iron. No ironing, no. And for dinner you had? That was, um, leftover silverside and the vegetables that I had, that I'd cooked on the sun, Saturday night. No, silverside's different than, um, than roast beef or lamb, yeah. Silverside is, um, no, it's like a reddish meat, you know, and it's boiled and, yeah, you generally have it with white sauce and that sort of, yeah, so it's a different, completely different. Okay, so then you watch some television, then on night... I rarely watch commercial stations, I'm an ABC watcher, so now I watch the, um, seven o'clock news on the ABC, and, yeah. And... Yeah, so then, and then after that's the seven thirty report on the ABC, and then after that's the, um, Australian story at eight o'clock on the ABC, so, yeah. Then you got on Twitter and you... No, no, I just had a bit of a look, I did look on the computer, um, um, after I'd, um, I think I'd had a shower and whatever and then, um, checked out the computer, and then just checked my emails and, um, and Facebook. Um, I don't have Skype, yeah. Okay, and you went to bed and you read iPad? On my Kindle, yeah. On the Kindle, which, they're different to an iPad, so... I don't have an iPad, no. You don't? No, eh? Kindle. Koncount, junkunt, no kommt. No komment, no komment, no komen, no komment, no koment, no komen, no kommt, no komt, no kommen, no komen, no komen, no komen, no komen, no komen, no komment, no komen, no komment, No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.