 Okay, I got up Saturday about 8 o'clock I think and I had some breakfast and then I Put the TV on and I started just watching the news I watched a bit of sport. I taped sport on the Friday nights. I was watching the recordings of that and Then my wife saw her off she went to Her mom and dad's house and I did a bit of painting. I'm doing some renovations. So I did a bit of painting and Then washed up had some lunch and showers watching some TV in the afternoon watching some sport watch the horse race or black caviar win 15th race and Then I got ready to go over to my my in-laws and I had Dinner over there and then we watched the rugby final. Oh the sorry the Thing we watch sport of some sort and then watch some movies and then And then nothing that was the end of the night. We came home. I went to sleep Would have been about 10 o'clock. No, I think it was tuna morning Memory, um, I think I had noodles and prawns cooked some prawns I got up about 8 o'clock. I had cereal sustained. Yes the same I think I was watching the the soccer from the a-league the night before I taped it on the Friday night I think I started panning about 11 o'clock from memory. I've about two hours and finished about one. Yes Yeah, yeah, that was on from about two o'clock or so Yes, and the main race I wanted to see was at 320 black caviar. Um, I think we left about five o'clock I drove my own car It was just me because my wife had left earlier to go over to see her parents. I was now it was eight o'clock Um, I pretty I normally just look at the clock to see what time we get up. So I know now I had cereal sustained Yes, I don't want no. No now I watch soccer I watched it for about two hours or so two or three hours. No, it was the back laundry. Yes, that's right Walls or I can paint walls probably not. No and noodles They were just normal two-minute noodles with prawns that I cooked. Yes. No, not that I'm aware of pretty much No, I'm not aware of it. No This morning. No Yes, I did because I checked the yes, right no Probably on on the weekend watch on Sunday. Mm. No, no, no, no No, no, no, no, not that I saw. Sorry. No. No, my wife drives it every now and then no She's already she used her car to drive up to parents place earlier in the day. I do No, no, not not not to my knowledge. No, it's about 11 years old. There's a small dent on the Drivers so the passenger side door. It's a it's a two-door sedan It's a two-door sedan car It's about five years old. Yes Think a stone came up flicked up and and hit it. Yes. Yes No, not to my knowledge. It's packed opposite tune gabbe railway station. Yes. Yes No comment No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment Like comment, like comment, like comment, like comment.