 I got up at 4.30am in the morning, I had a shower, shave and shower and then I had some breakfast and I got ready to go to work. Got in the car, drove to the station and got on the train and got off at Paramatta at 6.40, oh sorry 5.40 and then I proceeded to work, got changed, started work at 6am. I worked through till about 12.30, had lunch for half an hour and then went back to work and I finished work at 6pm and then I got a lift with a work colleague. I first walked to his car which was parked outside of Paramatta and he gave me a lift to, back to my car at the railway station and then I drove home from there, which was a short distance away. I then got myself some dinner and some television, I then, I spoke to my wife who, my wife's up at her brother's place at the moment, just overnight and spoke to her on the phone and then, sorry her brother's place, not my brother's place, she's at her brother's place and then spoke to her on the phone and then I watched a bit more TV and then I went to bed. I watched a bit of sport, soccer, I watched the news, Sky News and I watched a bit of a movie, Von Ryan's Express, I think I actually, I put it, it was a DVD that I put in, one of the DVDs I had, because there was nothing much on TV. Von Ryan's Express, it's a war movie with Frank Sinatra. It's very good, it's a great movie. Yes, yeah I bought that a long time ago. I've got a bit of a collection. Yes, yeah. No, I actually didn't, he's a very serious role in this one and was quite good actually, surprisingly. Probably about 10.30, quarter to 11. I watched a bit of Wellington vs Brisbane and a bit of Arsenal vs Brisbane, so I sort of changed channels. I didn't watch the whole thing. Yeah, it was interesting because Brisbane are starting to falter, it's their third loss in a row, which is amazing because they just looked unbeatable. Brisbane Raw and Wellington Feening. Children, fortunately, have been trying. I play soccer. Yeah, the Premier, like the Premier League. He must be a good player. I play over 35s now, so just Division 7. I grew up playing rugby league, so I didn't play soccer until in my adult life, in my 20s. I had to play soccer growing up, so it's a great game, love it. Oh, yeah, yeah. It's a lot more friendly on the body too, compared to rugby league. Yeah, it can be, yeah, that's right. It can be quite. Actually, you do get a lot of leg injuries. I've had a lot of torn calves and had a broken foot from being trod on. So, yeah. No, I got up at 4.30. No, I didn't have that. I had cereal and orange juice. I do sometimes. No, not really. Yes, not really. No, I drove to the station. No, I drove to the station. The first carriage. No, not really. Not that time of the morning. No, very quiet. I was sitting in the section. Yes. No, no. I read the paper. No, no. I got into work at 5.40. Signed on for 6. He must be mistaken. Yes, we have a daily roster, which is signed and verified by the supervisor, don't you? No, that's right. It can be a team member, yes, but preferably a supervisor, then that's primary. Well, it's one of their jobs. But anyway, they check it, but it can be just another team member. I do for the building, yes. No, I have to go to the front reception and speak to the special constables and I have to show identification to prove that I work in the building and give them details of what level I work on. And then I have to ask for a day pass, just a temporary visitor pass, which gives me access to the floor that I work on. No, I'm not meant to do that, no. Well, that can't be the case. I may have, I do go out for a coffee in the morning as soon as I start and then I come back in. So that could have been around that time. I'm not sure. Then they might have been mistaken there. Yes. No, at 5.40, because I get the train at approximately 5.30 to rise at the station at Toongabee and it only four stops to Parramatta. So I have to get in at 5.40. No, about 12.30 I had lunch. No, I had, I don't remember what I had. I think I just had a sandwich. I think it was just a salad sandwich. No, she didn't. No, a work colleague drove me to the station. No, no. I did actually. Yes, I went to a supermarket on the way home and then I got home. Well, I finished at 6 and we had to walk to the car, which is on the other side of Parramatta. So that was a good five, 10 minute walk to there. And then by the time I got home would have been, well, by the time, yeah, by the time I got home would have been anywhere from 20 to seven to quarter to seven, because I had to go to the shop quickly to get a couple of items. No, I parked, I parked in the outdoor car park. Yes. I think there was from memory on both sides. Right about that time. I didn't, I'm not aware of it. There's no damage on my vehicle. No. No, I would have noticed that I'd done that. My vehicle appeared intact. I did actually from the night before I cooked a stir fry. She's actually staying, I corrected that, she's staying at her brother's place up on the central coast. No, I watched a bit of soccer. Yes, I watched a bit of the news and then the war movie. No, it was with Frank Sinatra. No, I went to bed between probably 10, 13 and quarter to 11. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. comment.