 Yeah, um, okay. I got up actually about nine o'clock. Had a bit of a sleep in because of f***ing a lot lately. So that's my one only day off for a while. And I had breakfast with my wife in the morning. We were out of milk so I went down to the local shop to get some more milk. Came back and did a bit of cleaning around the house. And then I watched some TV. My wife went over to her friend's place. And I was invited but I said I'm a bit tired so I stayed at home. Watched TV. So I didn't really do much but I then had some lunch and I had, I think I had a sardine sandwich actually. And something healthy and a glass of milk. And then I read a book in the afternoon. Been reading a book and watched a bit of TV. And then I didn't do much else really. And then my wife came home and she actually, she got me some dinner. We were a bit, bit lazy on Sundays and we didn't feel like cooking. So she got red roost on the way home from her friend's house. And I had a chicken burger and chips. And that was good because I didn't have to do any washing up. Not much anyway. And then we watched a movie that night. We watched It's a Wonderful Life with Jimmy Stewart. Old Christmas movie which was a good movie. And because there wasn't much on TV this time of year. And then I went to bed. I went to bed about, actually I went late because the movie went to about, well we started at 8 and the movie went to about 10.30. It was a long movie. I didn't realise it was about two and a half hours. So the movie. So yeah 10.30. That's what. No it was on a DVD. No Janelle bought a pack of three Christmas movies. So it was It's a Wonderful Life. Forget the other one. A White Christmas. I think with Bing Crosby. And the third one was, I can't recall what the third one was. No I only watched one of them. It's a Wonderful Life. Yeah it was really good. I'd only seen bits of it over the years and I'd always heard it was a great movie and then loved it. I thought it was really good. She got it from I think Big W. And you can get them in the sections where they have multiple movies. You know they have. Yeah so it's really good. It's quite a bargain actually. It was only like $20 or something for the three movies. It is. It's really good. I was watching. I watched the soccer. Sydney played. Was it Sydney? No it was Melbourne Victory played Wellington. And I was watching Harry Kiel and the boys. They won 3-0 I think. Yeah. Then I watched a bit of the news at six. Yeah he's not. Hasn't got the pace and the fitness that he once did. But I mean he's 32 now so he's getting on. But he's still. He's not scoring but he's still got the touches every now and then. He's got you know patches of his old self but he's nowhere near as good as he used to be. No I used to watch him when he played for Leeds and Liverpool. Because I was fans. I'm a Liverpool fan but I was fans of Leeds as well. And he was just brilliant then. But yeah unfortunately injuries came. He got injured not long after he joined Liverpool and his time there wasn't great. And then he went to Galatasaray which is a big Turkish club. And he actually went well there. He was scoring lots of goals. But for some reason they didn't renew his contract. So he decided to. He had a few contract offers in Europe but he decided to come home. So I think he's on quite a good deal back here. Brought his wife and kids out to live. She's English. Yeah. Yeah it's a three-year contract but I think barring injuries he'll be right. I think he'll come good. He scored a couple of goals but nowhere near the form that he was before. Yeah I thought that was a bit rough. I think I don't know whether that was his call or the coach or. I think given the status of the the status of the game he should have played. And apparently he was fit. So he was fit to play. So it was a bit. Yeah a combination of both. Yeah I mean Beckham's not the same as he was but he's still got that touch. So yeah it's a bit of a shame actually. I think for free kicks and long long balls. Like he's the best ever. But overall he's not the best ever player I've ever seen. There's Maradona's great player. Leon Messi who's also Argentinian. They're great players like overall. Ball control and just running passing overall. And on his day Cristiano Ronaldo. Cristiano Ronaldo. He's one of the best. Yeah so. I think well his looks helped. But and yeah. I think his looks and lifestyle really built him up type of person. Yeah that's right. No no. And he was a midfielder. And look he was a very good player. Like his free kicks were just the best. The way he could curl that ball. Yeah yeah. His accuracy was amazing. Yeah so. No. I got up about 9am. I just had some cereal and toast and orange juice. No just had peanut butter. Sometimes. No don't like Premont. No not really. Don't like Premont. No I'm Australian but my my grandfather was English. Pickering's are English no. In England for a year. Yes I heard that. No just a corner store. No I need some milk. No Joe. Oh it would have been only 10 minutes. I was mainly watching sport channels. So there's soccer, NFL sort of flicking between. No it's a sardine sandwich. Yeah with some milk. Probably. I like sardines. No I read a book. No it's based on real life. It's Oswald and the CIA. No oh no. It was Melbourne Victory in Wellington. Phoenix. Yes I think so yeah. No I had Red Rooster. No it had Jimmy Stewart. No about 10.30. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.