 I got up about 7.30. I opened up the windows and blinds and that sort of stuff, opened up the house. I got dressed and had some, well when I got dressed I put on swimming costumes and shorts and a t-shirt. I had a quick breakfast of, I can't remember what I had, toast I think. And I drove from home to the beach, which is only a couple of kilometres away, to help out, or volunteer with Nippers at the Surf Life Saving Club. And so Nippers is approximately 1,000 kids aged between 6 and 14, broken up into different age divisions, who learn surf skill, from swimming to board paddling to right through to learning CPR and first aid, and basic beach skills and beach management. So I was there for approximately about three hours I guess, maybe three, a bit more. I helped with the under 14. They are learning to be basically junior life savers. So they're a little bit, obviously they're more advanced, they're a bit older, so their ability and their knowledge is obviously more advanced than the 10 year olds and the 11 year old. So they're quite self-sufficient, but you need to still have a ratio of one adult water safety officer to every four children. And so I spent a fair bit of time in the water, either paddling on a board or swimming with the kids. It was a really hot day at the beach. The beach was quite crowded because it was such a hot day. During the morning I would have spoken to dozens of kids, dozens of parents. I probably applied sunscreen about four times. After I finished with Nippers, I met some friends for coffee nearby and probably went home about lunchtime, about midday, where I did some stuff in the yard, did some shopping, grocery shopping in the afternoon, took the dog for a walk, did a bit of cleaning, started to get things ready for the week ahead, cooked a barbecue for dinner, had some leftover pasta for lunch, did a bit of cleaning, sorted out work clothes and uniforms and the like. That's about it, with probably a hundred other minor things that I could add in. I think I ended up having dinner about eight, I guess, 7.30, 8 o'clock, 7.30 actually. Did, watched a little, watched the history of the Bible, which was on SBS, which was quite interesting. It's the beginning of a seven-part series looking at the Bible through different eyes and different commentators. And after that, the end of Underbelly, and that was exciting. Probably about 10 by the time I got into bed. So yesterday morning? About 7.30, a piece of toast, promite and butter. I do, I prefer promite because it's a little sweeter. And then after that? I walked a lot on the beach yesterday. I wouldn't say it was a walk along the beach, but I was on the beach walking with the kids. Were you down Nippers? Nippers, yep. And you drove to the beach? No, it's about two kilometres. How long was it? Three minutes. Was it easy? Easy enough, but it's not. So it's only easy because I know where to park, but it's quite hectic of a Sunday morning. So, what time? 8.15. You said you were there for five hours? About three hours, three and a half on the beach. Three and a half. You will look at the under-12s? Under-14s. You didn't look after the girls? No, sometimes, mostly the 14s, but sometimes I go and help with the other groups. So, you were teaching? Surf skills, so board paddle, swimming, and basic rescue techniques. Is this a life-saving? Eventually, yeah. When they're 18, but for the moment they can be what's called junior life-savers, and they do what's called a surf rescue certificate, but when they turn 18 they're eligible to be senior life-savers. For lunch? No, leftover pasta. It was a bit of leftover marinara. That was before lunch. You met with about four or five people? There was about four or five people there, I think. Yeah, two coffees. And then you went back? Watered, played around the garden, so watered some trees, moved some mulch. Didn't actually plant anything. No. Then after the picnic? Yep, grocery shopping. When you then? Played with the dog. Took the dog for a walk, but that was, oh yeah, probably an hour later I took the dog for a walk. And then? Had a barbecue with sausages. Sausages, corn and salad. You? Yep, after the Bible show. The Bible show. The history of the Bible. So, have you watched the whole series? Most. Probably missed a couple of episodes in the middle. It started off alright. It dropped off. It sort of picked up in the end. It was no real, very little true fact in it. Not as good as some of the other underbellies. So when did you leave? Roughly 8.15. I think I left home about 10 past 8, so I got there about 8.15. And the car that you were driving? No. Are you aware of any incident that a vehicle person? You haven't given me enough information. When you were driving, as you went pulling, driving the car? I didn't park in a car parking area. Along the side there? Yep, on street parking. And as you went to park, that was hurt? No, that didn't happen. No. When was the last time you parked the car? This morning. Did you? No, not every time, but I just happened to be doing some stuff with the car this morning. I wouldn't say I checked it for damage, but I certainly didn't see any damage on it. How old was it? That's a good question. 12 or 18 months old. And there's no damage? Umm, no. Not. Certainly no accident damage. No. Probably not really any damage at all. It's in quite good condition. Are we going to make further inquiries about it? Mmhmm. Yep. No comment. Where were you last? Do you have a driver's licence? No comment. What type of vehicle? No comment. Who are you? No comment.