 Um, okay, I'm trying really hard. I woke up, I woke up early, like seven something, which is early because it's, I'm gonna say Sunday, but it wasn't Sunday, but it's my Sunday. Um, but Callum was still asleep, so I just stayed in bed for as long as he was still asleep, and then when he woke up we just mucked around for ages, so we didn't get out of bed until like 9.30 or some crap like that. And then, although, I think the phone technician came earlier than that. Yeah, he did too. There was a phone technician to come out to my house for some reason. And he turned up at like 8 or something, but it wasn't required, like for whatever reason, whatever was, there was no problem, so he was only there for a minute and then left, and then I was back in bed. Um, I don't really remember. I don't really remember much. I just honestly did some washing and I can't remember. Went to a friend's house in the afternoon for, and had dinner there, but I don't remember much else about Sunday either. Just after 4. I was late, like 10 or something, maybe even later, I'm not sure. I was late. Yeah, we had roast pork. She cooked the best dinner. It was so good. No, no, no, she just, um, she put it on a rack, which she said she'd never done before, but it turned out really nicely, so. I have but only 4. I've done beef and chicken in the cook in a bag, but I didn't really like, because you know, you put the vegetables in with it. I didn't like how the vegetables turned out with the chicken, because I don't like the taste of chicken fat, so I wouldn't, I would never do a chicken with the vegetables in there again. I would just put the vegetables separate. I haven't done lamb. Yeah, oh, see, I like the veg, the veggies in with the beef were just divine. That was so good. Um, I don't know. It's whatever. I don't know. I just bought whatever off the shelf, said beef. I do. Lamb's always expensive, so. Yeah, it's, it's hard to, I don't really get lamb much, but um, roast pork was so good. She made the best pork. I don't, I don't either. I don't really, because it's, um, for me, it's more the sort of like bother of getting the crackling right, but um, but the crackling was so right. It was so good. She just perfected it. It was so delicious, but it was, um, it was just such a nice meal and because it's just me and Callum, I can't say I cook meals that, you know, nice, so. Um, well, her daughter made cupcakes for us, so we had a cupcake. Oh, Callum likes the icing. He kind of eats the top of cupcakes and then tries to put the cake back, hoping that no one will notice. Yeah. Oh, no, just talk. She's an old school friend, so we've only caught up a couple of times. We've only just sort of re-established and, um, had a couple of visits, so we just talked for hours and the kids played and stuff, but. Oh, we went for a walk and looked at some Christmas lights near her house. A couple of houses near where she lives that are a bit over the top, you know, with the whole spend their entire yearly income on stuff for the Christmas decoration. Kids love it, but, um, you can't like, I don't know, like, I think it's sort of like, I don't know, I think it's gone too far, you know, like you can't walk amongst it. You can't walk in the wonderland that they create. You kind of got to view it from afar, but I sort of think it's a waste of money, but kids like it. And the ice cream trucks like it. There were four ice cream trucks parked for about five houses. Four ice cream trucks. No, but they were selling. Selling? Insane. I would have rathered a coffee, one of those coffee trucks. That would have been nice. But, um, yeah, nice warm cup of coffee on a cold evening. But, um, that was nice. Callum liked it. So, and he got, they got, one house gives away, they, they had, the guy stands at the gate and gives the kids lollipops and, um, he had a lollipop and he rarely eats things like that and he was eating this lollipop and he dropped it. He was very upset. No, no, no, no. I didn't really get up. I got up for him about eight, but he was only there for a minute and then I went back in till nine something. I didn't want to get up. Didn't want to get up today either, but I didn't have a choice. Last night we had sausages and chips. Yeah, well, that's why I make it because like I got to, you know, I can waste my time making all kinds of stuff that he's not going to eat. So, I just don't really bother too much. I haven't tried the chicken and lime ones. I've had the chicken and sweet chili mango or whatever it is. They're really nice. Um, Woolies. I haven't seen chicken and lime, but I'd probably buy them because I buy like there's chicken and sweet chili mango. There's chicken and cheese. There's beef with red wine and pepper. They're really nice. Um, there's lamb with rosemary and either rosemary and herbs or rosemary and garlic, something like that. They're really nice. There's, um, they're good. They're nice. Callum likes sausages. It's his fave. So, I just tend not to buy pork sausages because I don't know why. I mean, sausages, as far as I'm concerned, are pretty much the garbage of all butchery, but pork just has that extra fear factor to it that you're just going to get this great big blob of lard. I'm terrified of pork sausages. Yeah, well, I cook them like I really like. I like my sausages quite well cooked. So, yeah, I cook the death out of them. Shavappies, I hate them. I hate, oh, I hate them. They're so, I don't know what it is. Can't handle any of that salami family. None of it. Oh, I don't like the taste of fat. It makes me sick. Pork crackling and pork crackling I can eat only if it's really crunchy hard and I can eat, um, like, you know how you get fat on the edge of lamb if it's almost burnt, like crispy like crackling, I suppose. But I can't eat soft fat. I can't eat fat on bacon. I can't eat fat on anything. I really can't. The taste of fat makes me sick and like I can't even, chicken fat, doesn't matter how cooked it is, I can't. Chicken fat makes me vomit. It really does. And, um, and so all those salamis and shavappies and all that sort of stuff, there's fat in them. You can see it. And all I can taste is spicy fat and it makes me sick. Oh, yeah, I like my bacon cooked like that. But I mean, I trim the hell out of bacon anyway. Like there's just nothing on my bacon anyway. And I cook it on the grill just to make sure that all that last fat runs away. So I'm a sook that way. I can't. Oh, taste of fat. Oh, it's got me sick just thinking about it now. I got all chicken fat in my head. That's why I didn't. That's why I didn't like the chicken in the bag because the taste of the chicken got into the vegetables. I could handle, because I don't know what it is, chicken, the fat that's in chicken, you can't get rid of it. Whereas with, if you get a lean piece of beef and you trim all the fat off, none of the juice that runs out really is that fatty. But whereas with chicken, it's so fatty. So the beef tastes like, the vegetables in the beef tastes like beef jus as opposed to chicken fat. So wrong. No, about four. It's not, she's not very far. It's only about 15 or 20 minutes. One. Yes. Oh Lord, no, I don't know. I don't think so. Wouldn't have a clue. Oh, definitely wasn't involved in an incident. No, I don't remember seeing any cyclists at all. And I'd know if I clipped one. I didn't see any to stop and talk to. No, only traffic, only stopped for traffic lights. Pork. Yeah, something like that. Can't be sure. Not comment, not comment, not comment, not comment, not comment, not comment, not comment, not comment, not comment, not comment, not comment, not comment, not comment, not comment, not comment, not comment, not comment. No comment.