 Okay, yesterday morning got up at... this is gonna be awfully familiar to whoever's listening to the recordings. I got up after the three standard alarms from 4.30, 4.40 and 4.45. I did get up after the third one, had a shower, washed my hair, did my makeup, got dressed, fed the dogs, didn't feed the lizards. You don't have to feed them every day. What did I do? Got all the stuff organised as usual, all that sort of bizzow. And had Calum actually got up yesterday morning on his own and toddled around after me for a little while. And then we popped into the car and dropped him off at daycare. I can't remember anything about taking him in to daycare, so I can't remember any of that part of the routine. I took him to daycare. I know I did that, because he wasn't with me at work. Then I went to work. Oh wow, yesterday, God. I was in a lot of pain yesterday. I'm having a lot of problems with my lower back and pelvis, so I was in heaps of pain. And I took quite a lot of different painkillers and lay on the floor a little bit. What did I do yesterday? We had training. We had MCPEs. I remember that. And they were in the middle of the day, so they kind of messed up both ends of the day. They were from about, I'm not even sure if it was 10.30 or 11.30. I'm not even sure what time they started. We had MCPEs right through the middle of the day, until before and after lunch kind of times. We didn't break for proper lunchtime or anything like that. So it's a bit of a blur, but is something wrong? Am I tapping? Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Yesterday's training was like, like I said, it messed up both ends of the day. So we did stuff at work until we had to go to the training, and then we went to training. After training, what did I do? I was just making general research inquiries for some of the stuff that I've been doing. So I did that till I had to go home. And then we went via a lady's house to pick up some clothes that I bought on eBay for Callum. And then went home. We had sausages for dinner, watched some tee's. Nothing really remarkable even to think of. I went to bed early and everything. Nothing particularly interesting or out of the ordinary or anything like that happened. Last night? I think it was about 9.30, but I wasn't really sure. I got a phone call late at night after 10 from my ex-husband. And so, you know how when you get woken up when you're not really asleep properly and it gets you confused? So I'm not really sure about all that. It must have been about 9.30, maybe a bit before. What was on the telly? Big Bang Theory? I think there was two episodes of that. Something else came on. Oh, what's that show? Charlie Sheen was in it and now he's gone. Yeah, that came on after Big Bang and I just didn't turn it off because I was looking through photos with my little boy. We were looking through photos on the computer because we had a conversation about what death was last night. So we were not really paying attention to the TV. Death? Death, yeah. Well, because he pulled a photo off the fridge of a dog that I had. The dog died when Callum was only about four months old. And so he pulled it down and said, who's this? Because he knows the other dogs. And I said, well, that was Hamish. He goes, I don't know him. And I went, well, you did know him. He died when you were a baby and then it went from there. And he was in tears and crying because it was a pretty big ordeal. So we looked through photos and talked about people and who they were and who was still here and who wasn't here. And then he was upset because he didn't want to die. And it was just awful. So it was very upsetting, actually, because I was like, what do you say? I don't want to die. Oh, don't worry, honey, you're not going to. So I just, you know, tried to explain it to him as best as I could. And we looked through the old photos and didn't pay attention to the TV. Yeah, yeah. After the three standard snoozing alarm series of 430, 440, 445. No, I didn't feed them yesterday because it wasn't feeding day. I looked at them just to make sure they were OK, but I fed the dogs too. No, because they're, you can, but they're, these are blue tongue lizards and they're a bit slow for crickets. They need sort of more slow moving food and they're a bit more towards, I don't know, the little guy still likes his snails, but they're sort of more like, they're not really carnivorous that much when they get older. So I feed them mostly green leafy stuff. But I didn't feed them yesterday because they had a heap of choy sum or something the day before. Chinese, Chinese green leafy vegetables like bok choy and all that sort of stuff. They like the, the sort of the Chinese greens are better for them than your standard every day. Yeah, yeah. So stuff like that. Yeah. No. And I never gave you a time. It was quarter to seven when I actually got into the office because daycare doesn't actually open its doors till 6.30. So I sign on for whatever time I get there. Yeah. The boss just signs me on. Just sitting through it. I don't know. I'm not sure because it wasn't until they let us out of training and they didn't break for lunch. And so I'm not quite sure what time we got out of training. It was, it was after one, but it could have been after two. I'm just not sure. What did I have for lunch? I actually ate, I actually ate salad in pocket bread and liked it all at the same time. It's rabbit food. Not big on anything. It's probably that good for you. It was very difficult. And I did it again today. Two days in a row I've had green funny things and with bits of carrot and stuff. And oh, no, I just, it's just like if I had the choice of two things and one was salad and one was pretty much anything else, I'd probably pick the pretty much anything else over the salad. You know, if I take away the choice and just bring salad and make myself have it, you know, it's hard. I really do just sort of go like, and it's not that I don't like salad. It's just that I'm more inclined to pick pretty much anything else. I would probably have a packet of M&Ms for lunch over salad if that was a choice. I'd finish at five. I would have like, because I don't finish when I'm supposed to finish. I just hang around until I'm either sick of doing what I'm doing or I have to get Callum from daycare. So I just like, I'm always there till 5.30, 6, 6.30, whatever. But yesterday I actually had to finish at five. No, there's no train between there and here. I walked here. No, no, this lady from eBay. Somewhere over like Maryland's Way over there somewhere. No. Sausages. Yeah. And I was gonna say a little bit of tomato sauce, but Callum had about a litre of tomato sauce. Bit of a fan. No. No, Big Bang Theory, two episodes, followed by that other show, which we didn't really watch because of the photos. No. About 9.30 maybe. No, a little bit after 10. 10 something. Not coming.