 Okay, I got up after three snoozes of the alarm. If that's allowed. It's hardly an alarm really, is it? I went to, I had a shower. I did my hair and then my makeup. Then I went and got dressed. Then I went and fed the lizards. Then I went and fed the dogs. Then I got my son's breakfast packed and his bag organized. Then I got my breakfast packed and my lunch packed. Then I double checked that I had everything that I needed for the day and I changed my shirt. And then I put everything in the car, locked the back door, got my little boy out of bed, got him into his car seat, drove to work. Oh, I locked the house. I drove to work. I think I took him straight to daycare. Sometimes I park first, but I think I dropped him straight at daycare and then went and parked. And then I just went to work. At work, what did I do? Oh God, I did, I'd worked on what I was working, what I'm still working on today. And I did a couple of other things for the boss during the day. I did that for 10 hours and it's all a bit of a blur. And then in the evening I packed up and got organized, went and got my son. We hopped in the car to drive home. I was planning dinner on the way home, but he fell asleep in the car, so I didn't bother cooking dinner. And I just put him straight to bed from the car. And then I just, I think, really didn't really do anything for the evening. I just watched a little bit of TV and went, oh, I had a big bath. That's what I did last night. I had a big bath. Oh, I went to the podiatrist yesterday too, because I've got a thing on my foot. And then after my bath, I went to bed. I think it was about 9.30. I wasn't really watching it. It was kind of just whatever was on. I know it was channel 10 because I kept hearing channel 10 ads and stuff like that, but I wasn't really paying attention to what was on. I couldn't honestly tell you what was on TV. And you didn't? No, I didn't bother because I just couldn't be bothered just cooking for me. So I just, after he fell asleep, I thought, oh, well. Okay. And you said time was? Maybe about 20 past five, half past five. I said 10 hours, but I was there for longer than that because I just, I don't rush. I just finish as I finish. So it's, it's childcare's at this building, so it's not far from me from work. And, and we're not that far from home, so it's no big deal if I go a bit over. And childcare's open late, so I don't have to get there by a particular, well, I do have to get there by a particular time, but not a particular time that affects me in any great way. So I kind of ate it over a period of time at my desk while I was working. So I don't really know. Do I have to say cold leftover nachos? I know it wasn't that bad because it's, you know, but you know, it was like better than wasting it. Nachos for four or five people is a very different story than nachos for me and my little one. We had heaps of leftovers. Oh Lord, no, I put the rest in the bin. When I got sick of it yesterday, I tipped it out. Um, yesterday about quarter to seven. Same again today. Oh, that doesn't really matter, does it? I'm talking about yesterday. Um, after three snoozes, it was 10 to five. Yeah. It's not actually three snoozes. It's three separate alarms because snoozes, as you'd be know, they're either eight or 10 minutes apart and that's too long. So I actually set my alarm at five, three different alarms at five minute intervals so that my snoozes are closer together and I get up quicker. And you said that you got up early. Yeah, my son's got blue tongues. They're in an indoor terrarium at the moment, but I'm just in the middle. I've just bought, um, the first part of the makings for an outdoor terrarium. I'm moving them to outdoors. I just think it's kinder. I really do. I just, when I first, when I first was told that, cause his dad got them for him and I thought that's nice, blah, blah, blah. But now I've got two indoor terrariums and I'm not happy with either of them as an environment for lizards to live in. I just think that it's cruel. And so they're like, they're kind of like a fish tank, but they have, um, mesh metal, kind of like this sort of mesh on the insides and on the top and stuff like that, because they need to be aerated. But, um, they're very similar to a fish tank. And I just think that I would rather, I got a book on them and stuff like that. And I've been out to Alice Springs and been to the, um, what's it called? The Alice Springs zoo. It's not called that it's, it's called the Alice Springs desert park. It's like a zoo. And, um, they do. And I've spoken to a guy out there who keeps a lot of reptiles and stuff like that. And I just think that it's a nicer environment to have them outdoors. So I've designed an outdoor terrarium that I'm building for them. And it's a lot more like a, it's basically like living in their natural environment, but contained. So nicer, um, you make the walls. Well, what I've bought is actually a, a lot, quite a decent size chicken coop from someone, but then you have to put, um, to about 90 centimeters to be safe. You put, um, corrugated iron or something like that around the walls because they can get through smaller holes. They're like mice. They can get through quite small holes, even if you don't think they would. And that, but they can't climb smooth surfaces and they're not real good climbers anyway. So even if they can climb, they can't get a great deal of height because their feet are so small in comparison to their body. So they'd fall. So you, um, even if they can get a grip, they can't get a lot of height before their weight and the gravity, the ratio kind of thing just pulls them down again. But so you get about 90 centimeters of, um, corrugated iron or there or something like that so that they can't get that grip. And then, um, reptile mesh is a lot finer than chicken wire, but this thing's got chicken wire on it and I think it'll be okay above the 90 centimeters. And then I'm going to put, um, take the roof off. It's got two sides, roof, like a house sort of thing, like a, like a letterbox roof. And I'm going to take off one side and put reptile mesh over the top to give them good protection. But the reptile mesh, it doesn't, um, absorb the UV rays out of the sun and they need the UV for their calcium and vitamin, whatever, and everything like that, that they need. So I'm putting a sheet of reptile mesh onto the top, but leaving one side so that they get some shade. So it's got, it's a lot more like a, it's a decent size, you know, like the terrariums come in. They say, even at the reptile, the place at Killerville that does reptiles, they say you sort of have like a 90 centimeter terrarium for them. And I think that's, I still think it's cruel. I've bought a two by two meter chicken coop. So fully enclosed. Oh yeah, no, it's fully protected and they, and you sink them a little into the ground as well so that they, they can't, um, find a way to slip under. So it's really, it's good. It's a lot better for them. A lot more natural. You'd be surprised. They eat snails. Um, they eat other bugs when they can catch them, but they're pretty slow. So they only can eat slow moving bugs. If they happen to come across them, like, you know, they love crickets, but crickets get away pretty easily. So not so much of a catch. They eat fruit. Um, the younger ones when they're quite young, they don't need, um, they need a lot of meat, more of their protein sort of diet. But as they get older, they become more vegetarian. So they don't really need a lot of that sort of meat product or anything like that. So they eat, um, all your sort of leafy greens, like your Chinese greens and, and, um, stuff and dandelion and those types of greens. Um, they get the dandelion flowers. They eat, as I said, snails, they eat fruit like certain, they can have banana, but not a lot, but they like apple, strawberries, all kinds of stuff. A bit of capsicum, corn, peas, all that sort of stuff. So they're quite for their omnivores, but they're a lot more vegetarian than people realise. So they do like their, like their veggies. He loves them. He's still a little scared of them. He's, which is really odd because it's only cause they've got feet because he loves the snakes. We don't have any snakes, but what my sister and her friends up at Alice Springs, they do. And so he's like, he loves the snakes. He's been handling snakes since he was about two, but, um, with the lizards, because when they walk their little claws are like little pins. And I think that's why it bothers him. So he's not afraid of them, but he's uncomfortable with them on his skin, as opposed to the snakes, which have no, no impact. So he's always been in the pet shops and stuff like that, right from tiny, right from when he could not even really walk. He always in the pet shops, wanted to go to the fish, the birds and the reptiles. He never wanted to see the kittens and puppies or anything else like that. Even when they were, you know, how they have them out in the shop and the little kids gather around and stuff like that. No birds, fish, reptiles. He's always just been really drawn to them. So yeah. So did that give you enough? No, no, no. Um, I was supposed to be, I wanted to be out of the house before six, but I didn't get out of the house until 10 past six. So I was in a bit of a rush. I really need to get myself up. Okay. So did you get up at 10? No, 10 to five. Yeah. 10 to five. No, no, no. 10 to five. I can't, um, no, I can't, I am not capable of getting ready in under an hour. It doesn't matter what I do. It doesn't matter what I do. I just can't do it. Prepare your clothes the night before. Have your shower the night before. It doesn't matter what I do. I can't do it. Okay. So when you got up, you fed the lizard and you... Dogs. Dogs too. They don't annoy the lizard? Oh, they're completely separate, but the dogs have a pen anyway. Cause I don't like how, I don't like the dogs to have just a full run of the yard because it limits me with washing on the line, picking up their poo, um, Callum playing out in the yard, all that sort of stuff. So they sort of need their own confined space that they have. So they, they're penned and then the outdoor terrarium is going on the other side. They won't actually, with the design of it, they won't actually ever see the lizards. It won't be, it won't be possible for them to see the lizards from where they are. So... You said that you had lunch. Rice bubbles. Rice bubbles? Oh, you had milk at work? I actually took the bottle of milk out of the fridge at home. Oh, and you had that? I had it a bit later in the morning. There's another girl that I work with. Once she gets there, she has her breakfast and I can hear her crunching away. And then I start to get that, that sort of like impulse to have something to eat. So you said that you're working? Yep. And that you work? No, no. Quarter to seven. Yep. Um, we... That, there wouldn't have been anyone there to say that at that point in time. There was no one else? No. So is there any way you can verify? Um, they could check my card, um, card pass thing. They could check those, um, my logins on the computer, stuff like that. Plus I usually send my boss an email or something like that about something. Cause he's usually sent an email in the evening, the night, like late the night before saying stuff. And so usually I'll have to respond to something first thing. But, but other than that, it's just a, it's an honour system. And I like to think I'm honourable. Um, so you said, um, what? I'm not sure. It was... Oh, that's fine. It was a sort of time, long time thing. Just picking at it. And you had... No, nachos. Oh, nachos. It wasn't tacos. No, it was nachos. And you finished... Nah, close, about 5.30 ish. And then... Yeah, yeah. Cause he fell asleep on the way. So it kind of, I mean, I can't, you can't leave him in the car. So there's no point stopping at the shops or anything like that. Can't even stop and pick up milk when he falls asleep in the car. Um, um, you went for your appointment? No. Ah, it was either one or two. I can't remember. Cause I only made it in the morning. So I, I think it might've been one. I don't remember. No, about... Around 9.30 ish. And you had... Ten. Yeah. Every question. Okay. No, comment. No comment. No, comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No, comment. No comment. No, comment. No comment. No, comment. No, comment. No, comment. No, comment. No, comment. No, comment. No, comment. No, comment. No comment.