 Okay, yesterday I had to work. So yesterday I got up at the usual time at 5.30, left home at 6.30. I drove into work yesterday because I thought with the coming up to the Christmas period there wouldn't be as much traffic on the road, school's finished, so I thought it would be a nice flow into work and it was. It was a good drive into work. What usually takes me about an hour took me only 25, oh 30 minutes yesterday. Took me 30 minutes to get into Parramatta. I got into work, had some breakfast, had a cup of tea, some toast. I went to work. I started my work. I started doing some filing. I did some trimming. I dropped some mail off. Dropped some mail off into the pigeon holes. What else? Yeah, dropped some mail off. Sorry, I've just gone. Yeah, so I just dropped some mail off. Yeah, so about this time it was probably lunchtime. So I had some lunch. I brought my own lunch in because I had brought some leftovers in. So I had some lunch, had some prawns and chicken and couscous. And I shared it with my other workmate. He quite enjoyed it. Yeah, so we finished off lunch and then I continued to do some more filing. I was putting some of the files away in our personal files. That took me a good couple of hours to do. It was very time consuming taking all the files out and hole puncturing and putting them in I guess you could say alphabetical order but not really. It's not sort of alphabetical order. It was like, I don't know. Their personal files are categorised into sick leave, compensation, all that sort of thing. So that took me quite a while. After I finished that, it was close to finishing time. So I finished at 4 o'clock yesterday and I walked to the car. As I was walking to the car it started to pour down rain so I was quite wet. I didn't have an umbrella with me. So it started raining quite heavily actually. So I quickly jumped in the car and again it was a good drive home. Traffic wasn't too heavy which was good. It's always nice when you've got traffic flowing. I drove home and when I got home, you could probably say it was torrential rain. My backyard flooded. One of our drain pipes started overflowing. When we tend to have torrential rain, the pipes overflowed. So we called the water board to come out and have a look at the pipe. They came. I think we waited. I called them at about 5 o'clock. They didn't turn up until about 9. So by the time they got there, the drain wasn't overflowing. So it kind of felt like, well there's no purpose you coming out here now. But yeah, so we sorted all that out and while we were waiting, I was cooking dinner. I bathed my baby, fed her. Yeah, so when at 9 o'clock when the guys turned up, the water board turned up, they had a look at the place and they said there was nothing to worry about because they said they'd been to houses earlier and they were in a lot worse state than our backyard was. But they did mention to us that they went to Homebush. Apparently there's a new area there that's been developed and the development's come up so quickly that there's no, the drainage system and the plumbing's just totally wrong and everything's just overflowing and all these big apartment blocks have overflowing sewer pipes and I just thought, oh goodness, thank goodness I don't live there. Yeah, so after they'd left, we thought, oh okay, that's a peace of mind to know that our yard's not too bad. There wasn't much damage done to the backyard. They did say that there were people in a lot worse state than us, so gotta be happy with that. Decided to go to bed around about 10 o'clock. Usual thing before I go to bed, I get myself organised for the day next day. Get my clothes organised get my baby's bottles organised. Yeah, so I went to bed about 10 o'clock. So I got up at 5.30 yesterday on the weekends when I don't have to work. No, 5.30 always. About 30 minutes was a really good run in. No, I didn't. No. I start at 7.30. Yes I was. No, I had peanut butter. I do like Vegemite. Yeah. Ah, yes I have. I prefer Cheesy-Mite or Cheesy-Bite I think it's called. Yeah, I do mind Promite, it's not bad. Marmite's okay. I don't know if, I can't remember when I've tried it though. It's okay, but I do prefer Promite and Cheesy-Bite. Yeah, I do. Yeah, it's not as bitter. It's not as salty tasting to me. No, I brought my lunch in. I had some chicken and prawns and couscous. No, no rice. Yeah, I have tried it. No, I'm not a big fan of it. I prefer to put my own fresh ingredients in. 4.30. No, 4 o'clock I finish. No, I drove home. No, I haven't. I am, yes. I know Westfield's closed at 9 o'clock tonight. So I'm going to brave the crowds and go shopping. Paid parking. No, no. There was a few puddles here and there, but not flooded. Yeah, it's usually full. No, it didn't take me long. Yeah, the parking's not too bad. I guess with all the coming up to the Christmas period and now that school holidays are on, the parking's not too bad. Usually it's sort of half full by the time I get there, but it was only sort of a quarter full yesterday. I was on the passenger side actually. Drove straight in. Yeah, it is, yes. Yes, it's my partner day. No, yes, no, that wasn't me. No, no. No, no, I didn't hear any or see any noise. No, I don't recall that. No, my car's about 20 years old. No, yeah. Oh, there's a little dent, but that was from my son kicking the football on it. But yeah. No, no, no accident damage. Dinner last night. I had chicken kebabs. Yeah, chicken kebabs. Yeah, yeah, I put some vegetables in it. I put some rocket and tomato and cheese. That's not vegetable, but yeah. Some cucumber. Oh, no, no, no, like a, sorry, I made my own like Lebanese bread. Yeah, broke up the chicken and put some, yeah. I put it on a toaster bread, a toaster. Sandwich maker. Yeah, yeah, it's lovely. It was actually left over from the night before. So I just broke it up and put it on the kebabs. Backyard? No, not really, not ever, but it's usually the backyard, because we've got a drainage pipe out the back when we get a bit of a rainfall. Yeah, that's when it overflows and floods, unfortunately. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment.