 Okay, yesterday. Oh my god, what did I do yesterday? Um, okay. School holidays are on, so my mum and dad are looking after my son, so I've been staying over at Sutherland. I, yeah, over at Sutherland, which is where my parents live. They've been babysitting, which is really good. So yesterday I got up at 5 o'clock, because it's a bit of a commute to Parramatta from there. So when I got up, I made some bottles ready for my daughter and made myself breakfast. Packed my lunch for the day. Sat down, had some breakfast and then once I'd finished breakfast, I decided to brush my teeth and just spoke to mum and dad for a while and let them know that I'll be on my way. Basically got in the car and drove to Parramatta. On the way, there was a bit of traffic due to peak hour times. So I left thinking that an hour was going to be a sufficient time for me to get to work, but an hour and twenty would have been a bit more realistic, because it took me an hour and twenty to get there. So, yeah, today I thought, well, you know, I'll give myself a bit, about an hour and a half to get to work because I knew it was going to take me a little bit longer. So, yeah, got to work about ten minutes late. Got to work and I had some admin work to do. So I was working with the finance officer as well as working with the executive officer, helping them out do some work. I was doing some filing, some trimming. I'm training to be an executive officer at the moment. So, yeah, my executive officer was going through some work that she may want me to do while she's away. So I learned how to do some new things, which is interesting. It's always interesting when you learn some new things. Yeah, so then by that time I was ready to go for lunch. So, went out, got my lunch, bought a sandwich. I thought, I won't go back to the station and eat the sandwich. I'll just sit in the cafe and have my sandwich. And I walked back to the station. That was about one o'clock. Walked back to the station and came back, did some more filing, did some more computer work. Finished up around about four o'clock. Yeah, finished at four. Made my way home, driving back down south. And there was actually a car accident, so it took me a little bit longer than I expected. There was a car accident at Padstow. So that just slowed the traffic down a lot, so it took me about two hours to get home. Once I got home, I bathed my daughter. I fed her and then we sat down for dinner. Sat around and spoke and I read some Christmas cards, read a magazine. Sat down and spoke with Mum and Dad for a while. We're going away up north next week for Christmas, so we're just talking about that. Flying up next week, which I'm really looking forward to. Yeah, we just spoke about what we're going to do while we're up north. I guess hopefully the weather will be really nice, because the weather hasn't been too crash hot here in Sydney. Usually the weather's a lot more humid up north in Brisbane. Then my brother rang. He's just put a new veranda on the house, so he's just talking about that. A nice new veranda for the whole family to sit out and have their enjoy our Christmas lunch. Yeah, at this stage it was around nine o'clock, so I just cleaned up the kitchen. I thought I'd make my way to bed. I put my daughter down first, sorry. Got her ready for the night. Sat up, watched a little bit of television. Not too much, because I was getting a bit tired. I thought I've got to get up so early. So yeah, about ten o'clock ish I was in bed. Set the alarm ready to go for another day today. What did I watch? I watched a little bit of everything. There was news on. Program. I can't think of the program. It was on digital television. It was on ABC2. I can't remember the name of the program. It was a cooking show. So I don't remember the name of it. Yeah, it was that because I remember her speaking with her kids. Yeah, sorry, it was Nigella. Did you watch that as well? Yeah, I watched that. But I really wasn't watching it. I was more reading the newspaper and talking. The television was there. You know how you put it on and it's in the background there. Yesterday I had a ham and salad sandwich. I did but I didn't... I didn't pack my lunch. Yeah, I did pack it actually but I didn't eat it because I didn't like the look of it. And everyone said, oh, we're going to go out and I said, oh, no, I'll go by myself. So, yeah. I did pack it but I had it today. No, I toasted on the presser so, yeah, it tasted better. No, I got up at 5.30. 5.30. No, not 5am. No, did I? I set the alarm at 5 but I get up about 5.30. I stumble out at 5.30. What did I have for breakfast? Wheat bix. When I got to work here I had toast. No, I just had peanut butter. But I just... Yeah, I do like Vegemite. Vegemite's nice. I prefer the Cheesy Mite. Yeah, it's not as um, it's not as strong tasting as Vegemite. It's a bit more cheesy. It's called Cheesy Bite. Cheesy Bite. Brought out. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's not too bad. It's okay. Yeah, that's okay. Marmite's alright. Yeah. There's one that's a little bit sweeter so it's the Pro-Mite. Is it? I don't know. They all sort of taste the same. I did, yes. Sutherland I drove from? It is, yes. It is, yes. No. A section of the journey, yes. Yeah, the last sort of section of my journey I do join Parramatta Road and then get on to Church Street from there. No. Yes, my partner does. He drives it occasionally. He's got his own car but no. No. About that, yeah. Oh, it's about 6.30. Yeah, because I give myself usually about an hour. Now I was travelling time but... because I haven't travelled from that way for a while I didn't expect it to be so heavy. I gave myself about an hour. Yeah, I should have given myself a bit more, at least an hour and twenty to... because I've got to park the car then walk to work so, yeah. No, we're not offered parking unfortunately. Yeah, the parking's a good ten minute walk from work. I park it over at the swimming pools at Parramatta. It's paid, yeah, metered parking, $7 a day. It's run by the council. Yeah, there's a section that's for free but you can only park there for two hours and there's another section where it's paid parking where you can park for, I think it's up to ten hours for $7. Yeah. Which is good because for Parramatta parking is a joke around here. Yeah, yeah, yep. No, I didn't see any cyclists. I saw lots of trot but no cyclists. No, I didn't see them. Um... no, that wasn't me. No. I was in a hurry, I had to get going. No. Okay. No, I don't recall that. Ah, there are some safety cameras there, yes. Um... It couldn't have been me but someone may have stolen my car but my car was still there when I got back yesterday afternoon but no, it wasn't me. Yeah. Um, no, it's about one-ish. I had lunch. Was it? Yeah. It was about one, I had lunch. No, it had stolen. Yeah. That um, well the journey took me about two hours to get home so that held me up. Probably a good extra hour. Yeah, it slowed it down because when you, sort of need to get home when you got kids. Okay. No comment.