 Okay, yesterday I got up at 5.30 which is, actually no I tell a lie, I got up at 5 o'clock. I got up a little bit earlier because I had to drop my daughter at my babysitter's which is my in-laws, my mother-in-law. Yeah, so I started my day at 5 o'clock, usual thing, got up, made up her bottles. Yeah, got myself ready, got myself ready for the day, then got out of the shower, made my son's sandwiches for the day. So I'm making daughter's bottles, son's sandwiches. Yep, and pretty much got myself in the car, made my way to Mount Druitt to drop off my daughter. And I procrastinated whether I was going to train it to Blacktown or get my father-in-law to drop me at the train station, but I ended up going to driving and I found a new way how to get to Blacktown from Mount Druitt which is, I was quite happy with that because I'm not very good with directions and I didn't have a GPS. The reason why I didn't have the GPS because it was flat. Yeah, so I drove to Blacktown, got to Blacktown TAFE and I attended the, I was early which is very rare for me, I'm usually sort of running just on the knocker. I had to be there at 8 o'clock so I got there at 22, 22.8 which I was quite impressed with. Yeah, so I attended the Northwest Metro Region Spokeswomen's Day. It was basically a development day which I found it really rewarding. We had a few guest speakers, one of the guest speakers was Mr Clifford which is our region commander for the Northwest Metro Region. He opened the day. I've never actually met the gentleman so it was good to sort of get an idea of who he was. And then we had, we had the Deputy Commissioner, I can't remember her name, she was very inspirational. She got up and spoke of basically where her life's been and where she's at now and how she's gotten there. And yeah, she was really inspirational. She spoke of being a woman in the police force. When she first started it wasn't easy when she first started out but yeah, it's definitely made her the person she is now she said. And after that then we had a morning tea break. So morning tea was lovely. They had a lovely fruit platter which is good because the whole day was sort of evolved around eating healthy and being healthy. Yeah, so then we had another speaker. She was an inspector from Harbourside LAC. She was really, I was really moved by her speech. She spoke about how she felt, country girl and she got out of Goulburn and she got stuck in Kingswood LAC. She came from Cootamundra I think she was. Yeah, and she got stuck in Kingswood LAC and she said, you know, how much of an eye-opener it was for her when she first got out of Goulburn. Yeah, so she spoke for a while. Her speech was called the different hats of policing. So she had her props on and she had like different hats as she spoke about the different stages in her life. And she actually, she was, she spoke of doing some, I think she did the marine security at Atlanta Olympics. Yeah, I'm pretty sure that was it what she was talking about. Sort of like you listened to in and out of when she was up there. I sort of listened not intently to the whole speech but you sort of listen in and out of the speech while she's up there. What happened after that? So that pretty much led into lunch. Lunch was good. We had some lovely sushi in Subway. I tend to remember the food side of things. I don't remember the speeches but I remember the food side of things. Yeah, so that was good. That was a good way of getting up and mingling and networking with other LACs in our region, which is nice to meet other people and talk about what they're going through. And yeah, you don't feel like you're the only one going through the same thing, which is good. And then we had a lady, a personal trainer from Blacktown City Council. She got up and yeah, after lunch, after lunch she'd gone down, we had to get up and do some exercises. She was a little pocket rocket that thing. She was like five foot nothing but she had some going on. But yeah, so we got up and did some exercises and shortly after she'd left and everyone was feeling guilty thinking, oh God, I shouldn't have had that extra sandwich. They decided to bring out some corn in her ice creams for afternoon tea. So yeah, and that pretty much was the day. They gave out some show bags of the day, which is good. They had little freebie things inside it. They had a washing detergent and pamphlets and yeah, just how to get involved in the spokeswomen forum, I guess. What else? So I came home. I came home via Mount Druitt to pick up my daughter. Picked up my daughter, came home, dropped her off and then I ran my son off to Oztag. I had about half an hour to spare, so rushed him into the car and then we rushed down to St Mary's to do Oztag. They won, which is good. Now they're through to the finals. He's happy with that. Came home and cooked dinner. My partner was home, so he was helping me cook while we're trying to feed the kids and cook and clean up and wash. And as you do, we're trying to do 10 things at once. Yeah, so what happened after that? We cleaned the kitchen up and we sat down, watched a bit of television. Yeah, there was not much on television. I think we watched, I think it was Crash Investigation Unit or something. Some New Zealand show. Quite sad actually. It was some freak accident about this young kid that was sitting. There was like a semi-trailer. They're on a main highway and the semi-trailer was heading towards the other direction. A bus was coming and this massive big wheel came off the semi-trailer and it rolled off and bounced into the bus, the window of the bus and hit this guy. Yeah, he went into a coma and about two days later he died. It was quite sad actually. They looked into what caused the accident or what caused the wheel that had come off the truck and they said that it wasn't fitted properly or wasn't maintained correctly, the truck. And it was quite sad that this young bloke had just minding his own business. He was a Vietmanese student in New Zealand. He was going to a class. It was his first class and this is what happened to him. I think, oh my gosh, you just never know when it's your day up. But yeah, after that, I decided to sterilize the bottles as you do for your baby daughter. Sterilize the bottles and get yourself ready for bed and yeah, say goodnight. I went to bed, maybe about 9.40. Yeah, around about 9.30 to 9.40 is the time I go to bed. No, I got up at five o'clock yesterday. Yeah. And you drop your mother's? Yeah, mother-in-law. Yeah, yeah. Mount Druitt. Yeah. Do you drop your baby off? No, not every day. It just depends on my roster and my partner's roster. Might be once a week, maybe twice a week. Just depends on our roster and how we can juggle it. Yeah. Okay, so then you went to a? Blacktown. Blacktown. No, I think it's Prospect Highway that you get to the TAFE. Yeah, yeah. I don't know if they have one actually. I really don't know. And you had a? No, it was a development day. The women's spokesman forum and they called. Every day has like a different theme and yesterday was a development day. Yeah. Mr. Clifford. Yeah, Mr. Clifford. Yeah. He's our region commander. So he's the assistant commissioner. Assistant commissioner. I should know. I should know, but I don't know. Yeah, he's our region commander. So I think he comes under assistant commissioner. Assistant commissioner. No, I think it's below the deputy commissioner because the female speaker that spoke after Mr. Clifford was actually the deputy commissioner. I think her name is Man Burns. I think it was Man Burns. Yeah. You had morning? Yeah, fruit platter. Fruit platter. No, no. Fruit platters. Yeah. It was sushi. Yeah. I guess you could say there was, you know, how you have tuna cooked tuna in the sushi. Yeah, I guess you could say it was cooked fish, but it was sushi and subway. Yeah. They did. Yeah. I didn't have one actually. So I kind of felt guilty after speaking about all this healthy stuff. I thought I won't have a cookie. No, it was Magnums and Cornettos. You did. You did have a choice. No, they were the larger ones. Yeah. Well, they actually said to us, oh, we've got a surprise for you in the afternoon. I thought, oh, maybe we might get an afternoon cocktail or something, but no, it was, yeah, they brought out these Cornettos. I thought, oh no, after talking about healthy stuff and doing exercises, they're bringing out the Cornettos. But yeah. Okay. And you finished work? No, I finished at 4.30 yesterday. And, um, no, I, uh, I drove. I drove and yeah, went up Richmond Road, which is, and then I had to go back home via Mount Jordan to pick up my daughter. So yeah. So, um, how many? Two. I've got two cars. No, just the one. Oh no. It's registered under my partner's name, but I'm under as a, in the insurance policy. Yeah. So yeah. I've got one of my cars is registered in my name. Yeah. One of the cars. Yes. Yeah. Coming home, um, would have been about quarter to five, that quarter to five to five o'clock. So I left Blacktown at 4.30, Blacktown Tafe, and I made my way home. So it would have been, yeah, between quarter to five. No, but it was overcast. I did think it was going to rain. Um, it was overcast, kind of sort of held off the rain. It looked like it was going to rain, but didn't yesterday. Yeah. No, I don't know. There was no cyclists about. No, definitely not. Um, couldn't possibly be me. No, it couldn't have been me. No, no, no, I didn't stop. No, no. There probably is. No, I'm not aware. Oh, really? Um, no, I don't recall stopping or getting out and talking to anyone. Um, it was probably my twin cause no, it wasn't me. I didn't have time to stop. I had to get to pick up my daughter and yeah. Um, is there any accident? No, there was no accident damage. So my car's at home. I caught the train this morning to work. Yeah. Okay. So, um, and no, it was around about 9.40. Yeah. 9.40. I went to bed. Okay. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.