 Okay, I had a sleep in, so I woke up about 9.30 and then got up, had a shower, woke my children up who were still asleep and then had some breakfast, which I had toast for breakfast. Did two loads of washing, hung the washing out, tidied up inside, vacuumed, dusted the bathrooms, got three bathrooms. Then at about midday, we decided to go Christmas shopping. So my son, my daughter and I drove over to Harvey Norman at Tarrin Point and had a look around, looked at the electrical products, things like that, and then bought a whole heap of electrical appliances for Christmas presents. And then after that, we packed up the things we purchased and went to Southgate Shopping Centre and did some more Christmas shopping. Had some late lunch, we had some Chinese for lunch. I had honey chicken and rice and my son had sweet and sour pork and noodles and my daughter had chicken and sweet corn soup and prawn crackers. Then we went to a friend's place who lived at Moort Duff for coffee, had a play with her little children and then we went home, unpacked our purchases, put them away and then a couple of the neighbour's children turned up and then my daughter and her friend, which is one of the neighbour's children, decided they'd try and curl each other's hair and then another one turned up and then one of the mums turned up looking for them. And when they all left, we had a late dinner and I went to bed. Leftover tacos because I didn't have the energy after all that to cook. I was probably about 10.30. No, I fell straight to sleep, which is rare. I fell straight to sleep, which is rare for me. Oh yeah, we watched about an hour's worth of TV because it was about 9.30. CSI, I think, one of the CSI shows. It was just after six o'clock. Yes. No, no. Yeah. Well, it was probably about 3.30 by the time we had some wine. Oh, probably would have been about 9.30 by the time everyone left. I was very like, yeah, that's right. No, not really. Oh, what are we doing today? We just stayed home on Saturday, washed the car, did some grocery shopping, I think. And for the short time that it was sunny, we went and had a swim in a spa in the pool. Oh, it's a state pool. We live in a townhouse duplex complex. No, that was just us and another family. No, it was after, it was nine or just after nine, I think it was. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Toast. Margarine. Yes. No. No. Two. Yes, I had two coffees. No, I did some washing. I cleaned all the bathrooms, the three bathrooms that we have. Yes, they usually do take, they usually do their own bathroom, but they hadn't done it. So I gave up asking. So, 12 o'clock we went. At Tarrin Point, the Harvey Norman at Tarrin Point, about 30 minutes. Yes, it was full. Yeah, I think I got the last one on that level. Oh, a car drove up after I did. I always reverse park into a car spot. No, one. Yes, it is. Yes, there was. No, just one car, one on the left hand side and then a rail on the right hand side. Yes. And there was a drive parked there. Yeah, it did. Yeah, about that. No, because the driver of the vehicle was sitting in the car when I reversed in. He'd only just pulled up just before I did. I saw him parking the car when I was about to park my car. No, I don't think so. I think we just smiled at each other. He got out of the car just as I had pulled up in my car and I'd stopped my car and he just got, he got out. He was waiting for me to park my car before he got out. No, no, no. No, no. Yes. No. Yes. Well, yeah, I'd assume so, yes. No, he just smiled and walked off. No. There's quite a gap between us. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's probably about 10 minutes drive. Three THIRTY. No, we headed south gate. Yes, no Chinese, no mortar on the other side of hurstville. Yeah. No. I was there after six. Ty. Six. No, I was about nine thrTY. No tacos, no taco. About ten THIRTY yards. Yeah. Behind the, in the car park. In a car park. No, cause I drove to work. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment.