 Okay, I got up, I had a shower, I made myself a cup of coffee in a travel mug and got in the car and drove to work. I was here at 4.30 in the morning and then did some, what did I do then? Did the basic checks at work and then left the building and went for a drive, went to the local court and had a court matter, left there about lunchtime, went back to work, just did some general dues, cleaned out my locker because I was leaving and then left there, went home, took my son on his paper run, took my daughter to her sport, went home, made dinner, picked them all up and had the neighbours children come over because the neighbour ended up going to hospital and I had them stay the night because they were both scared of storms and then we went to bed about 10.30. Oh yeah, I did watch one show last night. Her wife over, I got up at quarter past three. And? No, I had it when I got to work. And you're still working? Yeah, I had to open the building because the front door was broken. I bet you don't usually fall asleep. No, I usually start at six. Yes. So you got called? Oh no, I knew it the night before because I locked up before I left. Oh, so okay, so you made a coffee, travel mug, and then you came to work? Yes, drank the coffee on the way. No, I drive, yes. So you never catch the train? No, I never catch the train, no. So you got in at? 4.30. Oh, you got in at 4.30. Yes, because we'd manually lock them because the swipe mechanism wasn't working on any of our swipe cards. So, was that the whole thing? No, apparently we found out that the security company had accidentally deactivated them. How long have they been deactivated? Two days. So, you had to go in and manually open? No, I had to manually open the door. Was there anyone else? No, I was by myself. And when did they come in? I think just after five they came in. So, here's the work. So what's the work? Because people actually start at five, so I had to be there to open up, so no one was left standing there. So you did your work and you went to court? Yep. You went in Darlinghurst Court? No, out to Liverpool. Liverpool, and you had lunch? I had it in the car on the way back to work. Okay, which way? Subway. So did you bring it? No, I brought it on the way back to work. And then in the afternoon you just worked and breathed? Yes. And you went home at about three? Four o'clock I went home. Four o'clock, okay. Do you always leave at about four? Yes, I do. And when you got home, you took your daughter on her paper run? No, I took my son on his paper run and my daughter to sport. And what time did you leave? I think about six-ish. And what did you have for dinner last night? Schnitzel and salad. And so then when you went, you were on the activities? Yes. Okay, and then your sister brought her kids over? No, no, one of the neighbours, after two of the neighbours' children, because they were both scared of storms and their mum was sick, she had to go to the hospital. So then you watched Law and Order? No, Hawaii Five-O. Hawaii Five-O. Do you ever watch Law and Order? No, I've never really watched it. Okay, and you went to bed at about 11.30? About 10.30 it was. 10.30. Did you read a book? No, I didn't. Yeah, it was hot and I fell asleep. So who prepared the vegetables that you had with you to your last meal? We had salad and I did it. And you had it? Yes. So you didn't have vegetables? No. So when you had lunch out at Liverpool, you bought the subway from the Liverpools? Yes, yeah, and I ate it in the car on the way back to work. You didn't eat? No. When you got up yesterday morning, and you went into work, where do you usually... Just inside? Just inside Street, yeah. Were there any other cars parked there? Well, yesterday I parked in the work car park because I had a work car. Because I had to come in so early. So you didn't have your car yesterday? No, my car was in the work car park. So I'd park that in there the night before, and then I took a work car home, and then I swapped them over when I got to work. So when you got into work, you say that you got in at 4.30? Yes. Okay, one of your colleagues told me that you had... No, you can check the time stamp, I suppose. Didn't you just tell me that was broken? Yeah, but you had to use your swipe card to get up the lift and into the women's locker room and stuff like that. Okay, so the only thing that broke was the front door. Front door, car door. Yeah, that's right. We have actually looked at the swipe card, company has showed us the data, and the first door, 5am. I don't know what that is because I was definitely in the building about 4.30. But there was no one else? No, no. Usually a couple people come in by 5 to go to the gym, which is right next to the women's locker room. Is there a security guard in this building? No, there isn't. So there's no way you could park? No, except for the swipe card, no. What about where you park the car? It's in the car park attached to the building, so... Do you use a swipe card? You use a remote to get in. So there's no time stamp on that? No, I wouldn't think so. So when you went out to court in, um, out of Parramatta Court... Liverpool Court. You went to Liverpool Court, did you? Yeah, yes. Wasn't it Parramatta? No, it was Liverpool. When you said that you'd cleaned out your lock... Yes, that's right. Are you moving off? I'm going back to another office. Oh, so you then left at about 5.45? 4 o'clock. So just getting back to yesterday morning, so you said that you started at 4.30. Yes. Is there any way you can verify? No, not unless the swipe card assists me. No, unless there's... Oh, the CCTV, probably. Okay. We've actually looked well, and we've checked time stamp, and it does show you're the first to see your end. I don't know where that would be, because it's definitely 4.30 when I left... Well, I think it was 4.30 when I got out of the car, and the car park is right next to the building that we... Like, it's attached to the building, so I can't imagine why it would say 5 o'clock when the car clock said 4.30. Okay, we're going to make... We need to make more enquiries again. What is your name? No comment. What is your address? No comment. What is your date of birth? No comment. What is your favourite... No comment. Today's Saturday... No comment. Do you know... No comment. Where were you last... No comment. Do you have a driver... No comment. Do you live in... No comment. Car do you own... No comment. Are you meeting with Mary Phillips today? No comment. Do you own a... No comment. Is it raining? No comment. Do you own a... No comment. What time... No comment. Key... Key... No comment. What is your email... No comment. Who is your favourite... No comment. Can you speak... No comment. Where did you have lunch... No comment. Do you drive your car to work... No comment. Who's your favourite... No comment.