 Okay, yesterday was my day off but like usual my alarm goes off at 5.45am. I threw it on snooze and I kept throwing it on snooze and I eventually woke up around seven. Had some breakfast, had a cup of coffee with I think some toast, some raisin toast. Went out to the backyard, fed the fish, got the kids, kneeled at them to quickly finish their breakfast. Left home around eight, dropped off the eldest to his school, then drove and dropped off the younger one to school. Then parked the car somewhere around Stanmore area, caught the bus to the city. We had a look at a couple of shops nearby, then went to Hyde Park to meet the other association members. Grabbed a free blue t-shirt and marched on in front of Parliament House for the rally, the association rally. Hung around there till I think it was around 12.30pm, one o'clock. We were hungry so went and caught lunch at Chinatown. After that got back, picked up the younger one and then took her to her tutorial lessons. They have every day, usually every Tuesdays, they have after-class tutorial lessons. Threw them there, bought some groceries, went home, paired dinner. I started cutting up veggies and stuff to pair for dinner. Around 7.30pm I went to pick them up, both the little rascals went to pick them up. Went home, had dinner, watched this X Factor thing on TV, it was a grand final. Then got the kids, told them get ready for bed, went to sleep. We went in our bedrooms and slept around, what time was it? 11.11pm by the time we went to bed, switched off the lights and everything. That was pretty much it, yesterday. We went into a Japanese noodle shop and had some noodles with soup, good for the cold weather. I think, while we were having lunch it was raining but not for the rally, just to. The younger one, picked her up around 3pm. The elder one just went by himself. The elder one went to the classes himself. Yeah, yes. Just the butchery, local shops. Had rice as our staple, what we eat. Then we had beans with mince and we also bought some barbecued pork. Yeah, yes. No, that's when my alarm woke me up but I didn't actually get up at that time. No, got up at 7pm. No, I was raising toast and had a cup of coffee. No way, no. No, I don't have a cat, I've got fish. Fish pond, yes. No, first one was around 8pm, first kid. Stanmore it was, yep. No, caught the bus in, not the train. Yes, we met at Hyde Park first and then we marched on to Parliament House. No, just the two of us. By the time we had lunch, yeah, probably 1, 1.30pm. Yes, no, it was a Japanese noodle shop and we had noodles with soup. No, it was about 3pm. Caught the bus to get my car and drove to the school, picked her up. From Stanmore. No, it wasn't Woolworths, from a butchery. Just bought some mince. No, had rice with beans and mince and barbecued pork. Jeez, that's very, uh, I'd put it probably 10-15 minutes, not a long trip at all. Uh, no, just your normal bus ride. Uh, yes, had to sit at the very back seat. Probably would have seen a man in a blue jumper, but no, I wouldn't have paid particular attention to anyone. No, no, no, no, I would have paid attention if so. Oh, definitely not, would have raised my attention. No, that would have raised my attention too, but no, I didn't see that. No, it's good X-Factor. No, no, I think he's only 16. No, uh, by the time I slept it would have been around 11. No, it's on Channel 7. Yes, uh, no. Oh, I'd say around 9 to quarter past 9, somewhere in between that time. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment. No comment. No comment.