 Okay, uh got up yesterday, um, oh, sorry alarm went off at uh, Six, I had a day off so slept in an extra an hour because it was my day off. So I got up at seven and then uh had just had an egg for breakfast, boiled egg and uh, then drove the kids to school dropped off one at the local school and then went all the way um to where we used to live the suburb where we used to live and dropped off the other kid. Um, my folks are on holidays at the moment. So went to their place to check on the dog. Uh, went and did some house chores just swept the backyard. Just leaves everywhere last couple of days were pretty windy and then I gave him a wash and sprayed some stuff on him so the flies wouldn't get to him. Uh, uh, that was pretty much it and then went to lunch with my partner had a day off as well. Uh, went to Newtown had Thai for lunch. I bought a couple of knickknacks for home. And then went uh, to play table tennis what we usually do on Tuesdays played for about an hour and a bit. The kids on Tuesdays go to a tutorial lessons. So we went and picked them up after that and then bought some bread for our breakfast this morning and their lunches. Uh, got home. We didn't end up having dinner. Uh, or myself and my partner, but then the kids had dinner and they showered, screamed at them to hurry up. They went to bed and we checked our emails for our private emails before going to bed and then went to bed. That's pretty much it. Would have been around 11 30 by that time. By the time they went to bed would have been around 9 45. I'm screaming at them from around 9 20. Newtown. Uh, I had stir fry beef with noodles and my partner had uh, chicken laksa. So I had a bit of both. Eastwood's the bakery. No, alarm went off at six and by the time I woke up it would have been around seven, seven, seven am. No, that's probably a bit too early. It doesn't take me that long to come to work. Uh, Rosted. Yes. Oh, yes. Yes. Uh, work four days a week and I get to choose my weekday off. No, I just had one boiled egg. Yep. No, not yesterday. No, because I ended up actually going out to buy a coffee in the morning. Yes. Yes. Yes. Fed the dog. Yes. No, I didn't. Um, just there's a dead end laneway behind us. I just let him out and run him up in that laneway. No, no, no, I did wash the dog. Yes, just swept the floor and tidied up. No, not Sydenham. It was uh, Newtown. Yes. No, it was Thai. Yep. No, it was beef and noodles. Uh, no, not towels. They were just knickknacks for the backyard. No, uh, table tennis. No, not tennis. Table tennis. Yes. Yes. Uh, How'd you know about that? No, uh, we we did go to Woolies. I forgot to say it though. Yeah, we did buy um, I think the yogurt was supposed to be on special, but it wasn't on special yet. So I didn't end up buying it, but the chocolate yogurt was on special for the kids. So I bought that. Yeah. No, the the cashier asked me if I wanted a receipt and I just said no. Yes, it was. Yeah, because yeah, I wanted my yogurt, but that wasn't on special yet. Uh, no, that's incorrect. Uh, I believe if they wanted proof of whether I did purchase the goods, they could find it in their CCTV and you'd see us paying for the goods prior to leaving. We went through the cashiers to leave. My partner. Yeah. Yep. Yep. Oh, that's totally incorrect. Uh, uh, if that CCTV is accurate, it will show us paying for the goods and uh, we spent longer at the cashier than necessary because we were actually looking for purchasing a phone card for uh, our mobile phone and because we took longer than necessary, you could see the cashier getting a bit uh, annoyed. So we yeah, we did pay for the goods. If the CCTV CCTV didn't show that, it's probably incorrect CCTV. I don't know. I'd have to see it myself first. Yeah. Uh, yes, we didn't use it because the goods were only five dollars. It was no point. Um, just using our rewards cards for something that was five dollars. No, it was only five dollars. We just paid cash. Yeah, that's right. Uh, you? Oh, the kids had dinner but uh, we didn't actually eat because we had a big lunch. Yeah. No, we just checked our emails. Uh, no, it would be 11 30 by the time we got to bed. Oh, I slept. Yeah. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment, no comment, no comment. No, comment, no comment. No, comment, no comment, no, comment No, comment, no comment, no comment. No, comment, no comment. No, comment, no comment, no, comment. No, comment No comment.