 Well, okay, I got up, went to the toilet, brushed my teeth, got changed to go to work, and walked into the lounge room, let my little dog in from the backyard, went to make a cup of coffee. What did I have in my coffee? I had a bit of cereal with my coffee, and then I started screaming at the little ones to quickly prepare themselves for school, make sure they had all their school uniforms on, and screaming at them to quickly eat their breakfast. Watched a bit of news whilst eating breakfast. After the news came the cartoons that the kids like to watch, SpongeBob SquarePants, which my kids really love relating to. And then it was like, quick, quick, quick, get out of the house, I'm going to be late for work, and jumped in the car and started driving to work. At work we had meetings, we discussed a couple of things regarding how we can improve our courses that we do. That took about three hours or so. We did one session first, and then after that we were all satisfied that we completed that one. We had lunch. I had a salad for lunch, had a bit of ham, cucumber, a bit of coleslaw in it, also had a cheese sandwich. After lunch we continued our meeting, talked about another course, how we could improve that, eliminate some information that we think we're not using and participants aren't getting the best out of. We're adding some things to it. After the meeting was finalized, that was actually at a separate office that I don't usually work at, but most of my unit does work at. So I drove back here to my usual office, and I thought back of the meeting and started doing some notes, minutes of the meeting, and writing up some documents in regards to the improvement of the course. I sent the email out. What else did I do? Pretty much finished work, walked to get my car, jumped in my car, drove home, started to prepare dinner with my partner, whilst screaming at the kids to go make sure their homework's done, to shower and prepare our dining table for our meal, prepared all dinner with my partner, sat down, ate our meals with the kids, the dog running around our table trying to get a bit of our meal, and I scream at it saying no. Finished dinner, screamed at the kids to go wash up, gave the dog a bone, sounds like a song, and what did we do? Continue to watch a bit of TV, had to turn off the TV and scream at the kids again to make their lunches for the next day, and then after that scream at the kids to tell them to go to bed, and cuddled the dog, and threw the little dog out to her dog house, and that was pretty much it. And we went, showered, read some emails, and went to bed. That was it. By the time we actually turned off the lights, it would have been around 10 30. Rice, broccoli with a bit of pork, and we had chicken and corn soup. Canned, convenient. So what? 7 30, it's my usual start time. Would have been around 12. So 6am. Oh jeez, that's pretty late. Yes, 6am, that's when my alarm goes off. And dog! I've got a dog, no cats. No, no, definitely not. What did I have? I had coffee with cereal. Cheerios, my little one enjoys Cheerios. Yes. And no, I live quite close, so would have left home around 7, 2. So which car did you drive? The little hatchback that I've got. Yes, yes, it's a manual. No, it's manual. No way. So you went to work all day? No, at lunch 12. And? No, it wasn't a steak sandwich, it was a salad. But I didn't enjoy it. No, cheese sandwich it was. So then you worked? Yeah, when I drove back, yeah, I worked, yeah, for the rest of that. So then you drove? Drove home, that's right. No, it was straight home. And then you've lived? Yes, that's right. No, don't even know how to make a pumpkin pie. Had rice with broccoli and a bit of pork. No, chicken and corn soup. Don't have a cat, have a dog. Funnily enough, yes, actually my little one gave the dog a bit of milk last night. Yes, during dinner. And then you'd bed? No, it would have been around 10.30. Yes. Colleague of yours? That's incorrect. I got in the office 7.30 when I turned on the computer, it was about that time, yes. No, there was no one there. I had actually had to switch the lights on of the office. No, I was the first one in the office, the security guard wasn't even there in the morning when I walked in. Oh, actually my supervisor who works at another location, she could have verified it because she would know exactly what time I log onto the computer. Yes, a swipe pass, access pass. With um, and? Unless the front door doesn't register sometimes because it's an automatic sliding door, so unless it doesn't register, but usually it'll register in the lifts, then you'll register in my actual office. Unless the times out of daylight saving they weren't recalculated, uh, that could be it. But I definitely was in the office by 7.30. Yep, yes. What is your name? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Where were you? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.