 Yesterday I got up at quarter to five and I went for a swim on the way to work. Had a shower and then got to work by seven and it was a new day for all our new probationers. So we had an induction day organised for them. So I got there at seven, I had a quick bit of breakfast before they arrived. They were due to be there by eight but they were there at 7.30. So met them in the meal room, then we had the intel briefing in the morning. So they sat there and watched that for the first 20 minutes. And then we moved back into the meal room and went through the induction package with them. About half past nine the chaplain came and he spoke to them just about what he can offer to them. And he was only there for about five minutes or so. Then we had a break for morning tea which took them through till about a bit after ten. Then we did a little bit, we've got a package that we read through. So we were just working our way through all that package. And once we got to the end of that they then written, oh they filled out lots of forms that they have to fill out on their first day. And then we went and watched them put all their guns on, which was interesting. And by that time it was nearly lunchtime. So Tanya took them for a walk up the street because most of them had to buy their lunch. So they went up the street and bought some lunch. And they come back, they had some lunch. After lunch, what did we do after lunch? Oh, we gave them a tour of the station. So we showed them all the area everywhere. And then after that we checked that they could access all their computers and all their passwords worked and we organised their rail passes and all their bits and pieces. By the time we had done all that it was about half past two. And we just let them go down in the station and watch what goes on for about an hour. And then they came back up about 3.30 and they all took their guns off and we packed them off for the day at four o'clock, which was good. After that I just organised all their folders and a few more computer accesses and things for them. And I was working until seven. We did the changeover at six o'clock, the briefing changeover at six and I left about seven. I drove home. I had to go, calling it the pool on the way back because I had to pay for my kids' swimming for next month. Got home about a bit before eight and had dinner, put the kids to bed. Then I washed up and cleaned up and packed lunch for today and got organised for the next day. Sat down for about 20 minutes and had a cup of tea and went to bed about 9.30. That was about my day. So what was for dinner? Chops and vegetables. Lamb chops? Yeah, lamb chops and vegetables, which was nice because I didn't have to cook. Oh, you didn't cook it? No, my husband had cooked it, so it was all ready when I got home, which was good. Did you find a barbecue? Found a barbecue. Ended up going back to the original one that I saw at Ingerday, at Mitre 10. Oh, okay. So I bought that one, yes, went and bought that on, I'm trying to think, when we came here Thursday last week. So we were here Tuesday, went back and got that. I went to Bunnings on the weekend. Yes, well we'd done Bunnings and there just wasn't anything there. I saw one that had three burners, which I thought, if that had a two burner, that would be ideal. But when we got back and looked on their website, it didn't have a two burner. The three burner was probably still too big, so, yeah, for what we wanted. But yes, finally got the barbecue and it's all assembled and it's all ready to go. Oh, I think so, I think so. Haven't used it yet, but it's all ready to go. It's been too wet. It's been too wet. We used the old one and I said, well, we may as well use the old one because we've still got a fair bit of gas in it. I said, well, what do you do with it if you've got the gas in it? You may as well use the gas there because the two cylinders don't match. They're not interchangeable. I had to buy a new cylinder as well. So I thought, well, you can't have a gas bottle full of gas. So I just keep using the old one to get rid of the gas. But, yes. Save it for good for a while. So you said you got up, what time did you get up? 4.45. A bit too early. And you went for a run? I went for a swim at the pool. You've got a pool at the back? No, no, no, at the public pool. So what time did you get to the swimming pool? About 5 past 5, 5 o'clock. An hour. And you got into work at 6? Yep. And what did you have? I had just some cereal and a cup of tea. Did you have any... No, no, no, no. Honey? Yeah, I like honey. And what did you have for lunch? Yesterday I had an egg and lettuce sandwich from the deli. The deli? No, the deli near where I work. And you worked at about? 7. 7pm. So do you work 7 hours? 12. Not always, but I did yesterday because it was a long day and I had to make up some hours because I had a short day the week before. Yeah, so I had a few hours to make up. So I did a long day because I thought it would be a busy day with the induction day. So I got to finish all the stuff I needed to do in that day for that, which was good. So the probationary gun stores, they're not allowed to shoot? Unless they've got a safe. If they haven't got a safe, they can't take their guns home. So when they had their passing out parade on Friday, they all basically drove straight to the police station and dropped their guns and stuff in on Friday afternoon and then came on Monday. Yeah, so they're locked up at the station unless they've got a safe and I think not many people probably have. So if somebody does this, do you go out the station? No, no, take their work. And you said that you had to call into pool to swim in? No, I had to, my husband actually paid a casual session. My eldest swam yesterday afternoon at the pool and they were having a bit of a Christmas thing early this morning. And he said, I want to come and do the early, the 5.30am session today. And Andrew doesn't do any of the paying. And he thought, oh, well, I better pay for an extra session. But I paid by the month and he didn't have to pay that. So I said, oh, you've just paid $13 that you didn't have to pay because I've already paid for them in the month. That's all included. So I rang the pool and I said, oh, my husband's just paid. Oh, I didn't even bother to check. So I said, well, can I pay for January because I usually pay the month in advance and you just take that money off. And she said, oh, that might be tricky. Call in and I'll just give you money back. So that's why I called into the pool. But once I got there, she decided that it was probably easier just for me to pay the January and take the money off. So in the end, I really didn't have to call in. I could have done all that on the phone. But she's a bit of a pain, this woman. So I just did what she wanted to do. So it all got organized. So you got home at 9 p.m.? About 8, a bit before 8. And your kids cooked the pork chop dinner? No, no, my husband cooked the lamb chops. Yeah, yeah. You watched TV? Actually, I didn't really. It was on. But I just had to look through some of the catalogs that were in there. Because by the time I sat down, there was only about 10 minutes left of the show that was on. So I just looked through some of the catalogs that were in the letterbox, seeing if there was any last-minute Christmas ideas. So I did about 9.30. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.