 What did I do? Oh, I slept in till 6.45. Big sleep in for me. And then got the kids ready for school and dropped them off to school. And then I went for a run because the sun had come out and I thought it was going to be a nice day. So I went for a run and about halfway through my run it started absolutely pouring. So I got completely drenched. So I ran in the pouring rain for half an hour and I got home and had a shower and I was going to do some gardening. But because it was raining I thought well I can't do my gardening I may as well go and try to finish my Christmas shopping. So I had a quick shower and ducked out to do some Christmas shopping which was a waste of time because I couldn't find anything. Because my children have absolutely everything they want and I'm completely stuck on what to buy them. So I wandered around and around Big W for about half an hour trying to find useless things to buy. And I bought some tennis balls and some cosies for my oldest boy and that was about it. And some wrapping paper and then I had a wander around the rest of the shops and didn't have much luck. And then I went to Woolies and got some things to take home and have some lunch. By the time I got home my husband had woken up so we had lunch together and what did we do after that? Then I had a sleep about half an hour and then got all the stuff ready for the kids for their swimming in the afternoon. So I picked them up at school and we went to pool they did their swimming. They swam for about an hour and a half so while they were enjoying that I ducked back up the road and had a look at a BBQ that we were thinking of buying for Christmas for each other. So I went and had a look at the BBQ which I thought wasn't too bad. And then I went back to the pool to watch the last hour or so of their swimming. And once they had finished with that we went home, I cooked dinner. We had dinner and got them ready for bed and they went to bed. Watched a show, had a cup of tea and then went to bed myself. About 9.30pm. Oh that's shocking. Unforgettable. Unforgettable it's called. She's a detective woman who never forgets. It's tragic. But there was nothing else on. Yes, the Australian actress. Yes. Yes, shocking. She walks around with her singlet top on but I only got to see about 40 minutes of it. There was nothing else on and my husband had gone to work so I thought I might as well just sit there and chill out for about half an hour. Read the paper and watch that but no. It wasn't really a choice of anything. No, no. We had a pie and veggies. No, he'd gone to work so just with my two boys. We got home about quarter to six. I had cereal and toast and a cup of tea and the boys had toast and one had Weet-Bix. No, I had honey. No, no, no, no. Half an hour run? No, an hour and ten minutes run but it only rained for half an hour. So I got about 40 minutes of nice sunshine and then it poured. What time did you get back? From the run I got back about 20 past ten. About 11. About 15 minutes. How many cars? Two. No. Both cars? Yes. Yes, because he was in between night shifts. So, car did you end up with? I took the Outlander. We've got a lease car so we try and do the kilometres on that. So, you always take the Outlander if there's an option because you've got to do the kilometres every year for the tax. What did I have for lunch? I had a ham and salad roll and a mango and some cherries. It was nice. Cherries were nice. Mango was pretty good. Yeah, mangoes are nice. No, no. So what time did you get home? I got home about one, just before one. I basically walked in and made lunch and had it then about half past one. So you said yesterday that you got up at... 6.45. And... No, I usually get up about five. So 6.45 is a big sleep in because my kids get up at six every day. So they were already up when you got up? They were already up. And you had... No, toast and honey. And after school you went run. Yes. And you came back out to shop. Yes. When you got to the Dominican? Yes, it was pretty full because it was Christmas time. I parked the first spot I saw I parked so then I walked to the shops because I couldn't be bothered driving around. Yeah, a bit of a walk to get into the shops. So when you parked, were you... Yeah, I did reverse park in because it was right near the entry of the shopping centre and I thought if I don't reverse park in it's going to be hard to get out later on. So I reversed in so I could just drive out once I had finished my shopping. Was there a car park? No, I parked next to a garden. There was a garden on one side and there was a car on the other. So I was at the end of a line of things with a garden. So the garden was on the side? Yeah, on the driver's side. Okay, and there was a car park? Yes. Do you remember at all any incidents? No, I can't remember anything. Only that I parked a bit too far close to the car next to me. So then I drove back out and reversed to get a bit closer to the garden side. So the door didn't bang on my door. We've received a report that you actually... No, no, no, no. There was no broken lens on the ground? No, no, not that I saw. Was there anyone there? No, no, there was no... Oh, actually, no, there was. There was a man sitting there on his phone. Oh, okay. Talking in the driver's seat, talking on his mobile phone. So you never spoke to him? No, no. We've received a report that you had an argument with him about car accidents? No, I didn't talk to him. At all? No. He just got out of your car and walked off? Yep. Okay, so when you were in Big W, you bought a bus for one of your sons? Some tennis balls. Oh, okay. Did any of your sons... No. And after that you went to Coles? No, Woolworths. Woolworths. Do you shop at Woolworths? Sometimes, because it's easier. Closer to where I live, it's easier to park at Coles if you've just got to get a couple of things. But if I do a big shop, no, I'd probably shop at Woolworths. And where I was yesterday, there's no Coles, there's only a Woolworths. So that's why we're there. And for lunch you had a roast beef salad sandwich? No, no, a ham and salad. Ham and salad. Yeah. No, no. And in the afternoon you had an hour snooze? Yeah, half hour, an hour. And then you went with the kids out swimming? Yeah. And you went out and had a look at a barbecue and you bought the beers? No, I didn't buy it. Still not sure whether to get that one or not. Yeah, it wasn't too bad, but they've got a few there. I checked how many they had there and they said they had a few, so I didn't have to decide then and there. And you got home at about dinner and you had dinner? No, no, pie. Meat pie and... Oh, meat pie and cheese. Yeah, meat pie and veg. And then you can tell you were watching it without a trip to sleep? No, it was unforgettable. It was the movie, the show. And then you read a book a little while and went to bed? Yep, yep. You read about 10.30? No, about 9.30. Oh, okay. Oh, no comment. What is your address? No comment. Is your address? No comment. Where were you last night? No comment. Do you have a driver's license? No comment. Are you meeting with... No comment. What did you meet with? No comment. Where did you meet? No comment. Where did you meet? No comment. Where did you meet? No comment. No comment. No comment.