 Okay, yesterday, actually got up a little bit later than normal, than I did during the week anyway. Got up and had breakfast, which is just my normal porridge and coffee. I was the first one up, my wife and daughter, they still, they slept for probably about another, I think they slept for about another 40 minutes actually. So I just watched the news in the morning on telly, and they had their brekkie and stuff. And then we went to the pool, local pool, and stayed there pretty much until about 12.30. So there's three different size pools, 50 meter pool, so I did laps in that. And then there's a sort of middle sized kids pool, so I took my daughter on that. And then there's a little wading pool as well, so she likes going in that too. So sort of kept going from one pool to another. Then on the way home, just got some bread rolls and got paper, went home, had lunch, daughter went to bed, I had a read of the paper, did some gardening, actually, and it started, started raining soon after that too. Rained in the afternoon, so we just sort of had a lazy afternoon, just mucking around, riding scooters in the garage and that type of thing. At night, dinner I made a, like I had some soup that I'd made in the freezer, so I just heated that up and made some meatballs to go with it, and got some spinach out of the garden and stuff. So I had that for dinner. Then I gave my daughter a bath and washed her hair, we'd been swimming in the pool. Then just watched Masterchef. And what else? What was on after that? Oh, that dinosaur silly stupid show. Oh, what's it called? It's on after Masterchef, it's really stupid. Terrifying. Yeah, yeah, silly show. So I watched that and then went to bed, that was it. After, so that's 9.30 or a bit after, by the time I cleaned my teeth and did all the bits and pieces, got my bag ready to ride to work this morning. I think it was about 7.30, yeah, it would have been about 7.30. We had fresh bread rolls just with cheese and tomato and cucumber and lettuce. No, I'm not sure, I think it might have been around 3, I think. That would have been about, I think it was around 9.30. Yeah, it was, yeah, yeah, it was great in the morning. And even when the rain came, we just opened the house and it actually, because we had the southerly come through, so it aired the house out, so it was good. Yep, yep, we've only got the one car. Yeah, it's her car. Technically her, yeah, it's technically registered in her name, so yeah. Um, Dick, I don't like, no, um, no, because I had a motorbike previously, I had a motorbike. When we first started going out, I had a motorbike and she had a car, and then we changed, well, her car actually had personalised plates, so we've, that, the new car replaced her old car, and I got rid of the motorbike. No, I either buy a pushbike or buy a train. The route, it's 50-50, split right down the middle, 45 minutes. Yeah, it's 45 minutes actually on the train, but door to door, it's door to door, well, going home is probably the easiest. Going home, if I leave work at four, by train, I get home at 5.30, and when I get home at quarter past five, oh, sorry, sorry, no, the other way around, the other way around. Quarter past five, if I catch a train, 5.30 if I ride my bike. Yep. Uh, no, no, people that ride probably wouldn't say it's a long ride. It's only 33, I think it's 38 kilometres, which, yeah, and because I only go, I go one way each day, and then, so today I rode in, so I catch a train home tonight, so I'm only doing 38, 38km a day, I'm not doing the doubling up and doing, you know, 76. That's why it's 50-50, split down the middle, because I'm too lazy to ride both ways at the moment. No, it was about 7.30, no, I don't like special, no, it was porridge. Yes, skim milk, I make it with skim, long life skim milk. No, I actually don't like it with water, but I, I don't cook it, I cook it in the microwave, and if you use just water, I think it actually tends to heat up and boil, and it doesn't taste as nice, I think, yeah, that's what I found anyway. Yeah, yeah, yeah, but I get the quick oats, minute, one minute oats, or whatever, but it's in the box, yeah. No, no, I can't remember what time I told you. It was, no, I think it was about 9.30, yeah, 9.30, quarter to ten, I think, yeah, I'll try, probably is, but choose not to. It's probably, it's probably, it's, ah, well, with, yeah, it's probably 15-minute walk, but with the daughter, it's probably 20 minutes, so if you go both ways, then it's, and then she's tired anyway after swimming, so, no, it was about 12.30, yeah, and cucumber, yeah, sorry, rolls, rolls, not sandwich, rolls, yeah, no, from a bakery, yeah, we've got just bread rolls from a bakery, yep, bit of cake, but anyway, we're good, no, from, um, no, this is just a little group of shops, so, just from a, the, the, um, newsagent closes down, so it's just a mixed business, I guess you'd call it, yep, yep, actually, my wife got out, the guy stayed in the car, she went out and bought them, used to me, no, I gave her money, I gave her money, I gave her money for the paper, no, she didn't, no, there was no, I gave her coins, yeah, and for the rolls, but I'm sure it probably was, she probably should have given me money back, I think, just see her tonight about that, oh, wine sake, no, no, don't steal, I forgot, if I forgot, I can't remember, because I forgot, oh, no, it's serious, um, 12.30, 12.30, oh, yeah, but it's not allowed, so, we're probably home at quarter to one, no, no, I got veggie, a veggie patch, oh, no, actually, sorry, no, I did that a bit later, I read the paper, had lunch, read the paper, then did, yeah, a little, little bit of gardening in the veggie patch, no, just rain, yeah, uh, medium, was, no, no, and it wasn't, yeah, a little light drizzle, probably did, I don't remember, oh, no, sorry, we were downstairs playing on the scooter, did have telly on for a little bit, though, naughty, the Mikado was on, and my daughter was dancing around, trying to sing, very strange, anyway, oh, no, dinner would have been six o'clock, yep, oh, no, it was freshly heated, from being freshly made and freshly frozen, so, yeah, it was out of the freezer, it was homemade soup out of the freezer, of course, yeah, uh, no, it was, um, spinach, yep, no, um, MasterChef and Terranova, no, but quarter to, um, quarter to ten, it was after Terranova finished, okay, yep, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment. No comment. No comment.