 Yeah sure, yesterday I got up, I waited for my daughter to get out of the shower because she slept in again. She's supposed to be a pastry chef and she's supposed to get up early, but she's very slack, especially if she goes out the night before. But that's alright, we eventually dragged her out of the shower, then I went into the bathroom and I cleaned up after her before. I did anything because she's a grot. In fact, I think if you see the car she drives, I think sometimes there's a bit of testosterone coursing through those veins. She's just the most unlikely female for a 25 year old girl, but anyway. Look at the little laptop doing its thing. And then what did I do? Yes, then I had breakfast and came to work and what did I do? Oh that's right, I had to organise some money for this silly car I'm going to get. So we organised some money for the silly car and rearranged all my finances entirely. And then I think I went up and looked at iPads after our previous conversation. So now I've got my last bloody visit to this room, cost me $700. Expensive as the last bloody trip. Here I was thinking a bloody $150 Kindle was going to do it and good god, we just blew that budget didn't we? Showed me the little memory sticky thingies that you can put in them. Oh, what is it? The SIM cards. That's right, the SIM cards. So that you can get a 3 gig thing for a month, which they call a starter SIM or some damn thing. And then after that I buy the mega one that you bought for 12 months, which seems to be the way to go. So yeah, that's probably what I'll do this week. Yep, I'll get around to that this week. It's time to spend some money, time to get myself a little crissy-pressy. So I'll get myself an iPad because it does look nicer and all this stuff about the backlight causing eye strain. Well I never get more than 45 minutes to an hour to read, if I'm lucky. So I don't think backlighting and eye strain will really be an issue. So I mean, it's not like my wife. My wife will start reading at 8 in the morning and read till midnight until she finishes the novel. I just can't do that. I just read for a while and do something else. There's always plenty of other things to do. Okay, so that's that's up. Have we got enough on that? Look at your little laptop. Oh, okay. So I got to work. That's right. Then I went to the credit union. Then I organized some money. That took a lot because I canceled the old credit cards, got new credit cards. Maybe you got the loan. Rearranged the finances entirely. Very, very exhausting all this high finance. So yep, we did all that and that took me till, when? Till about 10 o'clock. Then I started ploughing through questions. Questions for exams and making sure that the answers were right. And at the end of the month, I've checked about 800 exam questions. About 35 had wrong answers. Because the law changed or the policy changed or something. But that is enough to make the difference between pass and fail for people next year. So we've got to get it right. So it's not a terribly interesting job. It took about a month to check them all. But thank God for the intranet so you can do it all on the screen. So you're not running leafing through paper like we used to be in the old days. In fact, I think we forget the old days. The paperless office has become a joke. That never happened. But there are some good things about our technology. Especially when it comes to reference. Any reference work. Anything for reference. Even if it's just a train timetable to look up. Plane timetables. That's where the internet wins hands down I think. Not that I go in for stuff like Facebook and Twitter. I leave that to the kids. No, my son refers to Facebook as stalkers paradise. So I think that says it all really. And from what I can see, it's just me, me, me. This is what I'm wearing. This is who I'm going out with. This is just me, me, me. Just write a little book about yourself. Call it Facebook. No, I haven't heard that. YouTube I love. There's a lot of really good stuff. There is a lot of great classical on YouTube. There is some really classy stuff that you otherwise wouldn't get. Like Vladimir Horovitz, the greatest, probably one of the greatest classical pianists of the 20th century. He's all over YouTube. I don't know who puts the stuff on or where they get it from. But he's on there. And Mstislav Ostropovich, the cellist. There is so much good stuff. It's not all pop culture. There's some good meaty stuff. I start listening to it and one thing leads to another and you get your little things down the side. And before you know it, there's Valentina Lisitsa playing Liszt and Chopin. And you give yourself a little classical concert and it costs nothing. And you see it. You actually see their fingers moving across the keyboard. So it's better than listening to it on a CD. It's great. And opera, it's great too. I mean, there's Domingo standing in front of you singing and you're there with the audience. It's terrific. I love it. Although there is a lot of good how-to stuff too. We're looking at pavers and how to lay pavers and how to build a retaining wall. It's all on there. And some of it's good. A lot of the American accents get to you after a while. For some reason they're all American. But there are some really good pointers. Okay, so we finished work. Oh, that's right. We've got to do this. We've got to do this. I forgot about that. So I finished work yesterday at four o'clock. What did I do after that? Then I went home. Then I cooked dinner. I made a casserole. And then I went for a little walk. A very small walk last night. Only about 45 minutes. I've been walking too much and exhausting myself. You really can't have too much of a good thing. Sometimes when it's sunny and there's a light breeze and you think, oh, it's good. And I just walk along the Parramatta River and it's absolutely beautiful. And I just walk and walk and walk. And before you know it, I get home two and a half hours later. And I don't have the energy to lift a finger. And get stoned. So I'm literally curtailing my walk. What did I do after my walk? Well, then I went home and then I did more high finance and stuff on the computer. We're changing PayPal, credit card numbers and all that sort of junk. Just love PayPal. That's a bloody brilliant invention, that one. In fact, now if about the airlines are about the only people who don't take PayPal. Everything else you can PayPal it. But I don't know why Qantas and Virgin are so stubborn. That's the only time they actually put a credit card number on the internet these days. And that's the way it should be, I think. Yep, I read a book. Yes, I'm reading my book, called You Are What You Speak. About modern language and movements and language and politics and things. In Quebec, in France and all that kind of stuff. It's absolutely riveting. I've been enjoying that one. But yeah, that got about an hour before I went to bed and that was it. So we went to bed at 10 o'clock. So after, yes, daughter in the way at 6 o'clock. 6 o'clock, that's it. 6 o'clock, 10 o'clock, 8 hours. I need 8 hours. Some people say they can get by with 4 hours sleep. I think they're full of crap, personally. I don't think anyone can do that. And research says what they have is really a few hundred little micro-sleeps. No one can get by on less than 7 hours. It's rubbish. Margaret Thatcher claims she got 3 hours sleep. Well, looking at Margaret Thatcher, maybe you can believe it. No, I didn't have toast and Vegemite for breakfast. I had avocado on this brasserie bread moire, if you see it. Moving to Sydney from Canberra just to get brasserie bread. So that's right. That's what I had with it was honey and avocado. Yes, have you that great, that great, honey and avocado. Brasserie bread. That's it. Brasserie bread. The more brass, the better. That's right. And I got into work at about 7.30 in the morning. No, I didn't start at 9. Organise finances. Got to organise finance. Got to organise the big finance. And that's right. I went up and looked at iPads. And I'm going to buy one later in the week. I'll get around to that on the weekend. Didn't buy it yesterday. No, I've still got to decide what size I want. And whether I'm just going to go WiFi or 3G or whatever. And go the middle, you think. OK, alright, thanks for that tip. OK. And then I had lunch at 12.30. And then I had half an hour for lunch. We only get half an hour for lunch, though it's pretty flexible where I am, thank God. And I finished work at 4. And that was it. And then I drove my wife's car home. And that was it. That's right. For dinner I had a beef casserole. And beef actually. And then that was that. No, it wasn't chicken casserole. And then I went for a walk for 45 minutes, a little one. And then came home and watched daughter eat 90% of the casserole. Leaving myself 10% it. But she did redeem herself being a pastry cook. She brought home some little chocolate cupcakes. Which is about the first time we've actually seen anything for about three months. But at least she made the effort yesterday. Yes, that's right. And then I read a paperback book. Because I haven't got my iPad yet. So I'm still terribly troglodyte, 20th century reading paper. And then I went to bed at 10. That's it. No comment.