 Am I covered? What did I do yesterday? I got up and I went to work. That wasn't terribly exciting was it? And I ate something and then I came into work and I drove my wife's car. And I drove my wife's car because I've given mine to my daughter and she's in America and it's all a bit bloody fluid at the moment. Yep, I drove her car in, which I don't like driving because it's enormous and I like little zippy cars and hers is a great big fat lumbering thing. And then I parked the car and then I bloody walked down to work and here I was. Ok so we start work at 7.30 and at 8.30 or 9.30 we did some work on checking exam questions and then we went out to Richmond to see some people which was nice. It's always nice to get out and go on a little class excursion for the morning. So we went out to Richmond and saw some people and gave them phones and laptops. We played Santa and we spoke to them about the problems of the world and who our new bus might be when our current bus retires and then we drove back here. And the rest of the day then what did I do? I organised some money for a car I'll be buying because going without a car is annoying me more than I thought it would. And what did we do? We just kept working. That's right, yes, that was it. We just kept working. Working, working, working, work, work, work, work. So we had lunch at 12.30 and I can't even remember what lunch was so that wasn't terribly inventive. Oh that's right, I went up, that's right, I went up and I was going to buy a Kindle. That's what I was going to do. Yeah, but I didn't like the look of them. I'm still undecided. Don't know whether I'll buy a Kindle or not. I think I'll have to. iPad you think? They say that with an iPad the glare from the, because it's backlit, they say the light from behind it is too hard on your eyes. You don't find that? Read it all the time. Oh, that's an interesting, well there's not just, okay, well I've got to get something because I'm spending a bloody fortune, even buying from Amazon on the book depository and having paper sent out I'm still spending a bloody fortune on books because I'm a constant reader. So I've got to get myself something and if you reckon iPad, yep, well that's something to think of because you can still buy Amazon can't you? Yep. So you've got an iPad, then you've got everything, then you've got the diary, then you've got the email, then you've got absolutely everything you need on there. Oh yeah. So if you want to look at the time of the movie tonight you can have a quick squeeze on. Okay. Well it is thinner than a Kindle but then again it's a handheld computer whereas the Kindle is just a reader. Oh God, now you've got me thinking now. Okay. That's and that's your one thing that you carry that you've got absolutely everything on. What did you say you bought it? You bought a 15 gig for 150 or something? I wouldn't go through 12 gig you know. Ah, okay. And then you've got it everywhere and then I've got a nephew who's a professional programmer and he's really got it in for Apple but I don't know. Okay, you're then you're locked into the whole iTunes sort of thing really aren't you? For downloading music, anything you want to buy and everything because once Apple have got you, you've got to buy Apple everything, Apple apps. But then again that's not bad because I got the best apps. I'm going back to uni next year to learn Spanish and I just want a dictionary in front of me because when you learn a language you spend half your time flicking over pages in a dictionary. So now I just want to type in the word press enter and up and having the iPad beside me would be ideal for that. Okay, and you don't find the glare reading you read on the train or the bus or anything? Right right. Okay and you are okay and oh gee now you've really got me thinking. Okay, glad I came down today. All right. They cost more but then again the Kindles are just basic gray and they look really bloody ugly but they say that they're it's low glare on your eye. Okay. But they've got the new thing, the Kindle Fire that my wife's just bought in the US which is more like an Amazon version of an iPad but that's much more expensive because it does it. It does everything and of course you've got Asus tablets and Samsung tablets and everything but if anything I'd get an iPad because Amazon configure all their ebooks for iPad. You just buy the iPad edition don't you rather than the Kindle edition. Yep, yep. But now in fact you don't even need the 3G because you can get the Wi-Fi one can't you? Your books and everything sitting beside your router at home. Okay, so you can still save your gigs, save your 3G and use the Wi-Fi when you're at home because with Optus we get a thousand gig or something a month pay. So just buy your books at home and do it. But it is handy to be able to check movie times and things on the run and then you can look up your maps and everything I suppose. Got your 3G. Do you have the Herald app and all that sort of thing? You've took me into it. Okay, did I finish work? Oh yes, so I finished work about four o'clock as usual then I went home and then I had something to eat and my kid came home which was very strange because we don't see much of the 20 year old. Then I thought I'd go and see a movie and I got in a car and I sat in a line of traffic for 25 minutes, realised it was going nowhere so I turned around and came home and that was the end of the movie. So here I am arranging all this high finance to buy another car sitting there wondering why the bloody hell I'm bothering because you can't drive in Sydney. Then again I'm not used to driving in peak hour and the movie started at six and driving from Eastwood to Chatswood at six just takes a lot longer than I thought it would. So yeah, I might try the movie again tonight. It was Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris. I thought I'd give that a go, sort of movie I'd like. Anyway, we might give it a go on the weekend. Might do a 10 o'clock Sunday morning job. I might actually get through the bloody roads and get there this time. When did I get back home? I got back home about 6.30, tried to go for a walk but couldn't because I did a big walk the night before and my legs hurt too much. So and then I tried to watch TV. There was a German movie that I'd taped last week that I was dying to see but then I couldn't find the remote control. So it was nothing really worked last night but that's alright. We kept our sense of humour and darling daughter came home from a shopping expedition and showed me all the things she bought herself and she's happy as Larry and that's good. It's wonderful having our daughter at home again. So that was the day. That was it. So what time do I go to bed? Oh about 10. I've got to go to bed at 10 or I just won't function the next day. I'm not a night owl. Never will be Moira. Never will be. So when did we get up? We get up, well what did I do yesterday? I drove in so that means I gave myself the luxury of sleeping until about 6 I think. 10 past 6, something like that. Six o'clock, six o'clock. That's right I had to get up 10 minutes early to check the emails from my wife who's over in America at the moment because of the time difference. So she would send me the email and then I would wake up five hours later and read it and before she goes to bed at night she sends one here to work so I read it at 3 in the afternoon because when it's 3 here it's 9 there. So yeah we've got the time difference sorted. She's only over there for a couple of weeks but we've got it all sorted out. So what did I have for breakfast? Did I, did my avocado addiction thrive? Yeah I think avocado on sourdough bread but I've got to get the nice sourdough bread. There's a bread, Brasserie Bread in Sydney and if ever you see it buy it. It is the best bread going. Brasserie Bread, where food is. My wife's French and so and if ever you see Brasserie Bread Moira. You gave me the tip on the iPad I'll give you the tip. Oh god now you got me thinking all about the iPad. Oh I settled on the Kindle but as iPads do everything and if you can dim the back. Yeah I've seen, I saw someone actually go to a meeting in the city earlier this week on the train where it's sitting there reading their iPad. I mean plenty of people sit, I mean no no at my age my eyesight would not cope with that and with the iPad you can adjust the size of the text like a Kindle so it's the same. Yep so yeah they call it, yeah the kids call it an iPhone on steroids because I suppose it does everything an iPhone does except make phone calls. Oh gee. Oh that's, okay and that's part of your 3G. Well text messages aren't going to use much that's for sure. I'll use nothing. Oh god. Yeah no my daughter's car died so I gave her mine. The mechanic said that oil's pouring out of it and running down the exhaust and it might catch on fire because it's got had 360 000 on it and it died and I said I don't want my daughter diving, driving an unsafe car so I gave her my little Astra and that left me with nothing but I thought if my wife's going to the States I'll drive her car while she's away and organize something new for myself so at least I know my daughter's not going to burn to death which is good and it's also about time we did something for her. Generally bloody sun gets everything but it's I'm glad I can do something for darling daughter for a change. Yep we start, no no we start work at 7 30. Oh we've got to do this detention bit. Okay sorry and that's right and we drove to Richmond and we did that at 11 o'clock and we saw people yep and we went to Richmond and we had lunch at about 12 30. No we didn't have it at 1 30. I'd die, I'd die of starvation. Uh no no no we provided lunch for ourselves we're not that rich. This is not the private sector Moira. This is the government sector. I think we got a Tim Tam, finish work at four o'clock and then we go home and we have our abortive attempt to see a movie and write the rest of the day off really and now I go home and dream of iPads. No we didn't finish at five. Yep got home at about six, tried to go for a walk, bum muscles hurt too much from previous walk and you give the whole thing a miss and I went to bed at 10 o'clock and then I didn't check the emails. I got up early in the morning like I'm getting up quarter to six to check emails now. Yeah that's it. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, and we're done.