 yesterday. I got up, I did I do, it was nice and peaceful actually because my older son was at his nana's house so it was a nice peaceful day and I gave my youngest child a bottle in his cot. I then had a shower, my husband got up, he had a shower, my middle child got up, I gave him a bottle, then I got breakfast ready for everyone and then we went outside because it had been windy and rainy and it was disgusting in the backyard so we decided that we would spend our day cleaning up the backyard and we've just had a new room put down the back backyard so we cleaned up everything around that and got it tidy, moved all the play equipment for the kids around, I had to wash down a couple of cubby houses because they were covered in jacaranda flowers that had stained and then got lunch ready. I can't remember what we had and then I was exhausted so I sat down for a little while, put my youngest child to bed for his afternoon nap, then sat down lounge with my middle child and then my oldest child came home so the house turned to chaos and we went out the back. My husband was painting so I had to keep the children away from the painting so I'm trying to distract them and then I tipped over the seaweed solution all over the concrete so I had to go and rush to get the hose, hose everything down because it stunk of seaweed solution and it was starting to stain black, still keeping the children away and then husband husband kept painting. I rang up and ordered dinner because I didn't feel like cooking and he was covered in paint for about seven o'clock. Then went over to the park where a few of the people, a couple of the guys at work in the park were having Christmas drinks. So I went over there said hello to them for about 10 minutes, walked down the road to get my car because we couldn't park it in our street because we can never get parking in our street on a Sunday because of the church. Got the car, came home, arrived at the same time as dinner which was lucky because I forgot I had to actually sign because I paid by card, sat down, had dinner, put the kids in the bath, put the two older ones to bed after we watched Fireman Sam, played with my youngest son for probably another half hour and then spent an hour trying to get him to go to bed and then I went to bed about 20 minutes later. That would have been about oh just before 10, 10 o'clock last night. I think we started, oh yeah we tried to watch the rest of Benjamin Button because we had recorded it and as usual we didn't set the recording long enough so we've missed the end of it. We don't know how the movie ends, very frustrating, we have no idea what happens. We'll have to because I don't know when it'll be on TV again. Oh no that was a recording from probably a couple of weeks ago. We had Thai last night, yummy Thai food and I didn't want anything spicy so I just got a pad see ew, got some steamed rice, uh what else do we got, we got some steamed dimsums and we had um garlic and pepper chicken and koola cordial. Going through a koola cordial phase. Koola cordial? Cordial? No, I ordered coke for my husband but I don't drink fizzy drink. That would have been about 10 to 7 at night. My husband did, he went to Bunnings to buy undercoat to start painting. Oh it would have been about quarter to 10 in the morning. No because I had the two babies and it's easier to just duck in and get what you need and leave. Two? Yep. We have the big car and the little work car. The big car has all the kid seats in it, the little car has one seat. The little one? Yep. No no, one in mine, one in my husband's. I have the big car. Two? Yes. No there was no damage, it was covered in jacaranda flowers but there was no damage. I would have been about 10 30 quarter to 11. Yep. No. Nope. No. No. It's at home. Yeah we only have street parking. No. Two? No. No. They don't go out for walks anymore because one of them has a heart condition and she shouldn't do too much exercise and I don't want to kill her so she gets mollycoddled. Oh she's very active, she has her ball, she plays ball all the time. That's the older dog ball. Yep. 10? 13? No. They can't get out of our yard. No. Would have been about 6 30? Oh the side that he wanted to do yes. 12 o'clock? No. Vegemite and cheese sandwiches? Yep. Yep. No. No. No. No. No. I had butter and strawberry jam, homemade that my mother made. Uh no it would have been later than that. No I got up at 7 55 yesterday morning. No it would have been about 8 30. No. No. No they have a television in our bedroom. No. Benjamin Button. No comment