 I set my alarm for 5.45. I've been starting work early lately because I'm on call for work. So I've been trying to start at 7 a.m. I left the house at 6.15, I didn't have any breakfast at home. It took me a good solid 45 minutes, so I got to work about 7.07 a.m. Sat at my desk and started working. I had a coffee at 9 a.m. My friend and I went to the gym at 11 and did a workout for an hour. We did cardio on the rower, on the stepper, lunges, pushups, just to get some more exercise into our routine, our daily activities. I ate lunch at my desk because the gym ate into my lunch hour. I had pasta that my friend had made me, had cooked from home the night before. Spent the afternoon at my desk and had a few meetings with the boss. I left work at three, took the work car home, had a quick shower and left home again at 3.30 to go with my boyfriend for our Christmas shopping, where we purchased Samsung Plasma TV. We bought a Blu-ray surround sound system with it as well and myself a laptop for my study that I'll be conducting in the future. We went to All You Can Eat Ribs and Chicken Wings for dinner, which was $29.95 and it took us 55 minutes to get our meal. So we were out of the restaurant, I'd say about 8.30. Went home, set up our TV and the systems and I guess we watched a new movie, which we purchased from Kmart with The Rock in it, called The Driver, I'm pretty sure. Then after watching the movie, I went to bed and it would have been about 11.30 by the time I was in bed. That was my day in its entirety. The Driver, The Rock, an old WWF wrestler, who's now an actor, The Driver. No, no, don't know that one, oh okay. My alarm was set for 5.45, yes that's correct. I drove, I drove the work car. I got to work about seven, but by the time I got up to my desk, it would have been just after seven, so about 10 past, seven past seven. My lunch break was at 11, because it was the gym. I went to the gym for my lunch break. I was passing up my friend cooked, it was just in a white wine with some chilli, mushrooms, bacon and garlic and some rocket. Yeah, it was actually really fresh. And white wine, mushrooms. Yeah, I did finish at three. Last Saturday night, I did actually, I was out. I went to watch a friend play roller derby at the Olympic Stadium and then we went out to a pub in Parramatta. No, it's called the Rose and Crown, I think. I'm not quite sure what it's named. I know it starts with a rose. It's where they roll around on a massive, sorry, a circle, I guess an oval shaped ring on roller blades and it's a tactical game where one of the back players has to overlap the other team to get points. And so it's all about tactics and strategies of getting past the other team that's trying to block you while you're rolling around the ring. Olympic Park, it was in the sports centre. Yeah, it's a very small scale though. It wouldn't be as big as the ring for cycling. It's a lot smaller. So I guess it would fit inside, say, a netball court the size of the ring. Yeah, yeah, trying to overtake one another and then lap the other team while the rest of your team's blocking the team that's trying to stop you from getting through. Oh, it's quite physical. A lot of girls hit the deck. Yep, elbows. Yeah, there was lots of accidents into the audience too because everyone was seated around. So you have to be 14 or older to sit there, but it's a pretty physical, physical match. It's big in America, I think. Bigger in America than it is here anyway. No, I got up at quarter to six. No, I didn't have breakfast. I had a coffee earlier in the morning, but I didn't have time to eat. I had a coffee in the morning, that's it. I did this morning when I went and got my coffee, but I didn't yesterday. Oh no, no, don't like it, no. I just prefer Vegemite. No, I've never tried it. I got into work just after seven. Yep, the work car, yep. Ah, no, I didn't. It was undercover. Yeah, I went into the basement, yeah. I met my manager at seven in her office when I first walked into the office. She could verify it. I do, yes, for the foyer and for my floor to get into my area. Not once, never. No, everyone has their own pass. I have, once. I have, yeah. My normal pass, I did have it yesterday. That's incorrect, because at 8 a.m. I would have left to take the director's car for a service. And I had someone else with me who can vouch for me being there at the time. I'd say that's incorrect, because I have to swipe to get up from the basement anyway. So it would have registered there as well at seven. Ah, no, I went to the gym for my lunch break and I ate at my desk. No, it was just plain pasta with white wine and chili and rocket and mushrooms and bacon. Just normal penne pasta, sorry, not spaghetti, yeah. I have had it before, but I don't eat it regularly. I like fettuccine. No, I finished at three. No, I drove the work car home. No, my boyfriend drove his car. I was a passenger. No, we went out to Bingley. We bought a plasma. Not an iPad, we bought Surround Sound and a laptop. No, we went out to, or you can eat ribs and chicken wings, to an Outback restaurant. And I think it's considered a prospect. If not, it's bordering Blacktown. Roughly then, yeah. By the time we got our food given to us, because that took a really long time, the service was so bad, we did get home later. Because we're leaving about a 20 minute drive from Blacktown. We did after we set up the TV and the Surround Sound. No, no, it doesn't have Sean Connery in it. About 11.30. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment, no comment.