 Sure. I had my alarm set for 6am, so I got up, got ready for about 45 minutes, put on a face and make-up, walked out the door, drove to the train station. I caught the 7.03 train into work. I arrived at work about 7.30, sat down and commenced work. I had a chocolate milk in the fridge, so I drank that at my desk, coffee flavoured. And then we had a meeting, three of us about 9 o'clock at the local corner store where we sat and had coffee and just discussed our projects. That took about half an hour. Went back to work. I was supposed to have a gym session at 11 but didn't because we had another meeting upstairs. Went to that instead. Had lunch about 1pm. Just ate in the cafeteria with another girl that I work with for half an hour. So finished at 1.30. Back to the table, finished work at 5 o'clock. Sorry, back to my desk, finished work at 5. And I went to the gym with another girl for an hour. Just in the basement. Walked to the train station, caught a train home. I would have been home about 7pm, I imagine. And that's when I just laid down on my lounge and I sat on my phone and played on my phone for about half an hour, too exhausted to move because of my week. Dinner was a hot chicken that I just picked up and ate at random. And then my partner, my boyfriend came home, I'd say about 8.30. Had a chat to him and then I showered and I went straight to bed. I would have been in bed, say, 9 o'clock. No, didn't know. Nope, still don't have television connected. No, no aerial for it. So, usually movies, but not at this stage, no. No aerial. Oh, last weekend, what did I do? Just trying to think back. Oh, I caught up with a friend in the city, actually. I used to work with him and so we met up and had a few drinks at the pub and had pizza for dinner. I stayed at his place and then I headed home Sunday morning and spent the day just cleaning, relaxing. I met my friend at 3 o'clock in the park. Headed to the pub, I got back to his place about 11pm and then 7 o'clock the next morning I started my journey home. Yeah, or King's Cross, yeah. No, I didn't. No. No, didn't go there. I caught a taxi to the train station, caught a train to the closest train station because there was track work, got on a bus and then walked from the train to the park. Bit of a journey. I didn't realise that was happening so got lumped with that. By the time I got the bus and the trains back to the train station, waited for the taxi that didn't come for an hour, I got home at 10am. I had to walk from the station. Yeah. Lunch yesterday, I had a plain white roll with salami, tomato and cheese on it, salt and pepper. And I had a can of Diet Coke. I did, I had a coffee at my desk. Sorry, I had an iced chocolate, coffee flavoured, at my desk and then I had a coffee for a meeting downstairs. I had no food, no. Yes. No, I drove to the train station. Yes, yeah. Yes, I did. No, it was 7.30pm. Yeah. We had coffee downstairs at about 9 o'clock, not at Westfields. Yeah, just down on the corner, on the street. Yeah. Yes, on this block, yeah. No, it was about 1pm. We had lunch for half an hour. No, it was a roll. It was a roll, it wasn't roast beef. Salami, tomato and cheese. No, it was only half an hour. At 1.30pm. Yeah. No, just one. Just one girl that I work with. I did work in the afternoon but I finished at 5, not 4. No, I just walked straight downstairs, went to the gym for an hour. So there was no driving involved. No, just one. Just one girlfriend, yeah. No, I caught the train home. So I would have been home about 7ish. Yeah, about 7 by the time I got home. No, I lied down on the lounge with my phone but I didn't have a sleep. It was a hot chicken but yeah, I just did pick it up. Yeah. No, it was home about 8.30. I went to bed not long after that so I would have made it about 9 o'clock. Yes, I did. No, I wasn't there. I didn't go to Darling Harbour. No, I was in Kings Cross, not Oxford Street. Yeah. Yeah, I did. That's where I met my friend. I was there. No, we met about 3 o'clock. No, I caught a taxi to the train station, a train to a separate train station and a bus to another train station. Then I walked from the train station when I was in the city. Yeah. Yes, that's correct. What time did I leave? There were three. I think I caught the quarter to 12 train so the taxi came about quarter past 11 to pick me up. Yeah, on the Saturday. It took me a long time because I was at the train station waiting for the train for a while. I was waiting for the bus at the next train station to take me in and then the drive took a while and then the walk from the train station because I once I got to the first train station, I had to catch another train and then walk. So, it took me, it was a journey. Yeah, that'd be about right. Saturday it was. Yeah, correct. Yeah, I did. It was $10. No, I paid with the $10 note. No, I didn't use a credit card. No, I didn't. That's incorrect because I was in the front seat. So, his story is wrong. I couldn't tell you. I don't know. Yeah. I'd say that the person might match my description but doesn't necessarily mean it's me. I'd be checking other footage in the main drag where the shops are for other footage to see if it is caught because I paid with the $10 note. Okay. Yeah. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.