 Well, I woke up to the alarm and then switched it off and put it on snooze. I'm actually house sitting at the moment so I had a little Maltese dog sleeping on the bed who didn't want to get up and then got out of bed, raced downstairs because it's a two-story place and let the little dog out to go to the toilet. Then I put the kettle on and started to make my breakfast. I got porridge and put some banana on top. Then when the little dog came back inside while my porridge was brewing because I put hot water in it and just let it set, I went back upstairs, jumped in the shower. When I got out, I got dressed and put my makeup on, went back downstairs, ate my breakfast because the porridge was now all brewed. Then I put the little dog outside and she wasn't very happy because she didn't want to go outside. She wanted to stay in the house. Then she started to howl when I drove off. It's a poor little thing. So I drove to work. The traffic wasn't too bad. It was much worse today. Then when I got to work, I had to park miles away. So I had a bit of a hike into work. Then I came in and logged on, said hello to all my friends. Then I started working on my normal tasks. I always write a list up first so that I know exactly what I've got to do through the day. I did some online training, which was due before tomorrow because I'm going to have some face-to-face training following the online training. Then I worked on some project work that I'm doing, mainly in Excel, and created some pivot charts and looked at some of the information I gathered and started to analyze it. I tried to organize having lunch with a friend, but she'd already gone. So I ended up going up to Westfields, went into my bank just to transfer some funds. Then I went into a hot dollar shop and I saw a lovely mat that I wanted to buy but resisted because I'm trying to not just spend willy-nilly. I bought a lovely roll for lunch. It was a nice, healthy vegetarian roll. I bought some yogurt, which I ate during the afternoon. Then I pigged out on some banana bread, which I shouldn't have done, but it was just sitting there at work for anyone to help themselves. I had a nice coffee because I was feeling quite tired by the afternoon. That was the first coffee of the day. I stayed a bit late, signed off, and I needed to use the internet. I don't use that in working hours. I logged on and found I couldn't access the site I wanted to anyway. Then I walked back to my car and called in to my normal home on the way home to see my sons before going off to my friend's house again to see the little dog and get her a dinner. She was very excited to see me, yelping all over the place. I got her a dinner and some fresh water. Then I had some lovely pasta for tea. Then I proceeded to watch TV. I was channel surfing pretty much all night and getting tied up in some nice mysteries including sensing murder, which I really like. That was on late, so I ended up going to bed about midnight, which wasn't really good, but it meant I slept in this morning. That was pretty much my day yesterday. Yesterday, I got up about quarter to eight in the morning. What time did you end up starting work? 9.30. We have flexible starting and finishing times, so that's really good. I had lunch between one and two o'clock. We have flexible lunch breaks as well, so we can have lunch from 11.30 until 2.30, which is really good. Then you just worked in the afternoon? Yes, just did my normal work. I actually clocked off around six o'clock, but I didn't end up leaving until about half past seven because I was trying to get onto the internet site, which wouldn't let me get into. What time did you end up leaving? I didn't leave until about 7.30 last night. I had a walk to the car. It was getting a bit dark. By the time I got to the car, it was almost dark. I just went to my normal house to check on my sons, who are adults, but I hadn't seen them for a while. I mainly wanted to check for mail. There was only one letter in my tax return receipt, which was good, which was already in my bank, but not enough. It's something I think I've spent already, but we are getting a pay rise soon, which is great. When that comes through next pay, that'll be nice. I'm surprised because it's backdated until about July, I think, so that's good. How long did you drive from work? Pretty much the same from home because it's a bit better run because it's from Smithfield. Because I'm leaving later, I'm not getting as much traffic, so it's probably about 20 minutes drive. Depending where I park, I always park over Harris Park, but it can be anything from a five-minute walk to a 20-minute walk, depending on how far away I have to park because they put meters in half the streets. There's meters in some streets and some of them is just two hours or four hours. Usually on one side of the street, it's limited parking. On the other side, it's all day, but because I start late, you can't get anything very close. Even the council car parks where you've got to pay are usually full by the time I come in because I've always been a late starter. Unless there's something specific on that I need to start early for, I usually come in between 9 and 9.30 each day. I'd like to change that. I did make a New Year's resolution early this year to come in about 8, but that sort of fizzled out. It's going back to my old habits. How many cars? Just the one. I'm going to upgrade soon. It's an old Laser and it's due for a job today, actually. That's why I was going to leave a bit early, just to ring up and make sure I've got the rego all done. I want to upgrade probably in January and get something a little bit more recent with an air conditioner that actually works and a radio that doesn't crackle. This one, I just had the air conditioning looked at and they said it's too expensive to fix completely. They did regas it, but they said it probably only lasts a few times because it's leaking the gas and it's more expensive to fix that than the car's worth. So I let that go. I got registered fine. That'll be okay. I've just got to ring through the RTA to make sure that I pay the final payment. I got a great deal on the Greenslip. I wanted nearly $700 and wouldn't discount it. So I rang up some mob that I got off the internet and I got it for $455. So I saved a heap in that way. Then I had to get tyres, so I got new tyres and I got them from a great place at Granville and they paid $40 each for a tyre. So that was great. So I saved there as well, which is good. And then I'll be able to sell it with almost a year's worth of rego. So about 11 months by the time I'm ready to upgrade. That's good. So you got up at about, say, am you had cereal? Yeah, porridge I had. I never used to eat porridge, but I've decided to go on a bit of a health kick. So I just use those instant packages, sachets, and then I just pour boiling water on it and stir it up and just leave it for five minutes and it goes really thick. But I had banana with it for the healthy. I don't have cereal as a rule because I'm lactose intolerant. So I don't have milk normally, other than in coffee or usually coffee. I don't have it in tea anyway. But just a small amount in cereal is fine. So I don't even make the porridge with milk. I just make it with boiled water. It all tastes nice. So you got up just now? No, I got up at, what time did I get up? About quarter to eight, yeah, yesterday. Okay, and you're housed for a friend and looking after you? No, their dog. They've got a little Maltese dog and I'm house-sitting for her. She's in Queensland and it's the first time I've looked or house-sat for or looked after a dog. She usually gets a daughter to call in, but this way I'm there all night because the dog's used to sleeping inside and she can't sleep inside unless somebody's there. And she likes to sleep on the bed. So she's got a little bed downstairs, but at night she goes up and just sleeps on the end of the bed. So it's a great company. I've been spoiling her rotten and nursing her all night in the lounge room, which normally she just stays in her bed, but not when I'm there. So yeah, she's a cutie. I used to have a Maltese when I was young, so it's good to have another little one to spoil. Her name's Bella. Yeah, she's a cutie. So you got into work at? About nine, no, 9.30. Got in at 9.30 and by the time I parked and walked in, it would be about 9.30. And during the day, or during the day, some face-to-face training? No, I did online training just on the computer and the face-to-face training starts tomorrow. So that's why you had to do the online training first. And this morning I actually had to answer some questions about that training and again, that had to be done before the face-to-face starts tomorrow. So you had lunch between 12 and? No, between about 1 and 2. No, I had lunch about 1 o'clock, went off about 1 and got back about 2 o'clock. And you just went down to? No, no, I went down to Westfields to my bank or my credit union and then I went into, I think it's called Holy Dollar or something like that. It's one of those cheap, cheap stores. Saw a lovely mat there that I didn't buy. I'm still thinking about going back and getting it. So I just did a bit of shopping there, which I wasn't intending to do. But I went to another shop actually and bought just some knick-knacks, some salt and pepper and toothpaste and stuff that was all on sale. It's one of those bargain stores. And bought a really nice roll, vegetarian roll, and ate that on the way home. You didn't have a steak sandwich yesterday? No, no, I didn't have steak. In fact, I don't eat much meat at all. I occasionally have lamb, but I may as well be a vegetarian because I don't like a lot of meat or fish. So I only eat lamb. It's probably the only meat I eat, or sometimes mince in a spaghetti bolognese. So you didn't have any chicken? No, no, I hate chicken. It's probably my least favourite meat of all, chicken. Yeah, absolutely hate it. So did you enjoy your chocolate cake? No, well no, I didn't have chocolate cake. I had banana bread actually. It was banana bread, but I did enjoy that. Did you put any butter on it? No, no, I don't like butter on the banana bread and I don't like it toasted. So if I ever buy it, I like it plain. So you signed off at about 5 o'clock, but before signing off? No, I didn't sign off at 5. I left about, I signed off about 6, but didn't leave, no, I signed off at 7, what was it? No, about 6 and then I left about an hour later I think it was because I had to go on the internet so I had to sign off first. Okay, so you never get on the internet? Very rarely. If I do, it's usually I need to check timetables for a course or something like that and if I do have to log it, I've always recorded in my notebook because that's strictly monitored and you are allowed to access it minimally, but not excessively and it's all auditable. So in the other section I used to work at, they actually had a separate standalone internet unit which you could access, but you had to record it in a book where I'm at now. They don't have that system in place, you can access your own computer, but you should normally do it in your own time and if you do it in work time, it should be just minimal. It's like making phone calls and stuff like that, as long as you keep them to minimum and don't abuse it, it's fine. So then you left the building? No, I left about 7, between 7 and 7.30 I think it was, 7.30. It was getting just on dark, so after I couldn't get onto the internet I left a bit earlier. I still had another friend at work, she works late on Tuesday nights, so I just went back to the car then, but it was earlier than 8.30. So you signed off, you couldn't get on the internet? Yeah, but I didn't, no I didn't leave at 6.30, I left at about 7, between 7 and 7.30 I think it was. Ok, then you went home and checked in on your daughters? No, I checked in on my sons, I've got sons, no daughters, and yeah, just checked in on my sons and then went back to my friend's house. And then you went home and you fed the dog? Yes, I went home, let the dog in and fed her and then got my own dinner ready. And you had pasta? Yes, yes, I had pasta, made it the other day so I had some left over, it was really nice. I had a couple of helpings and it was good. Do you have any meat? No, no, I don't eat much meat, but this was just a vegetarian one I'd made so I had no meat on that. And you went to bed at about? No, it was about 12, I had a late night so I went to bed about 12. Alright, I'm going to do some quick comments. What is your name? No comment. What is your address? No comment. What is your date of birth? No comment. What is your favourite food? No comment. Today's Saturday? No comment. What is your favourite colour? No comment. Do you have a driver's license? No comment. Do you live in? No comment. What type of car do you own? No comment. Are you meeting with Mary Phillips? No comment. Do you own a? No comment. Is it raining? No comment. Do you own a? No comment. What time did you meet Anthony? No comment. How many keys do you have on a key ring? No comment. What is your email address? No comment. Who is your favourite? No comment. Can you speak French? No comment. The grass? No comment. Where did you have lunch? No comment. Is Melbourne in? No comment. Is Brisbane in Queens? No comment. Is Canberra in? No comment. What is your favourite? No comment.