 Got up out of bed from my girlfriend's place, stayed out with my girlfriend the night before. Got up early, had a shower, changed the bandage on my, took the bandage off my foot. Had a shower, put a new bandage on, had some breakfast, got dressed, then left, went to golf where I play golf. Hit off time was 8.18. Hired a car to drive around just to give my foot a bit of a break. I thought walking 6km with my sore foot might just be pushing it a bit. Played the round of golf, finished, packed the car back up, had a drink in the club, went home, unpacked the car, had a little bit of lunch, rested for a while. Then I went to Bunnings to buy a couple of light bulbs for the range hood, one of those blown, plus a spare one, so I bought those. Then did some grocery shopping, the coals, then went home, unpacked that, had a little bit more to eat, had a cup of tea, had a break for a while, just rested, took it easy. Watched TV for most of the rest of the afternoon, then had some dinner, had a shower, packed my food for today, ironed a shirt, watched a little bit more TV. Then went to bed basically, about 10.15. I watched Merlin at 6.30, then I watched about 60 Minutes, then I watched, just flicked around the channels after that. I do, I flicked around a few channels, so I didn't watch any in specifics. Some of it would have been Foxtel channels, yes, about 7. I had cheese and toast, didn't feel like cooking anything much. Coals, occasionally, but not a lot, just coals is closer, closer to current routine, so I choose coals. About 4 o'clock, I've never heard of Magnum Art. Nope, I went to Bunnings, yeah. No, different locations, one's at Rockdale, one's at Ramsgate. 3? Range Hood, yeah, for cooktop. Yep, no, I left coals about 4. Yeah, they're only a couple of k's away. 7am, just a bowl of cereal, that's about all. 8.18, no, I played 18. Yes. 14, yes. I didn't, I had one soft drink, yes. No, about 1, yes. Couple of sandwiches, ham and cheese. No, hello, I haven't seen my girlfriend since I left her yesterday morning. Yes, yes, oh, about 10 minutes, 15 minutes, not long. I drove, yes. 5, yes. Oh, yes, oh, the Ferrari. Oh, I nearly ran over 3 old girls sitting in the, on the gutter, with the father, I assume. Yes, yes, yes, that's all I bought, yep. I do, at home. Oh, I drive pretty slow, so I don't think I was sped off. Oh, I pay for the bottles, maybe not the other stuff, but I pay for the bottle. Oh, I can't remember, to be honest. There's a lot of it. The stuff that I pay for, for the stuff I didn't pay for. You don't get one for the stuff you don't pay for. Yes, I do. Coles. Oh, there's a few. I bought, um, I bought some fruit. Um, some, what else did I buy? I bought some strawberries, some oranges, some apples, some pineapple. Um, what else did I buy? Um, I can't remember what else I bought. No, about 4, a bit after 4. At that stage, yeah, a cup of tea, actually. Oh, once a day, but only one cup. No, I didn't read a book, I just watched TV. Oh, yeah, I flicked around that a bit, yes. No, I didn't win, um, unfortunately. Nah, nah, the USA team won. I think he, I think he lost, or did he win his match play? I think he might have won, actually. Can't remember how the title went. Earl played individuals, 12 match plays on USA. Yeah, I think he was, I think he did play against Aaron Baddeley. Oh, about 7, I think. Nah, just cheese and toast. Nah, that's a bit too complicated for me. Can't, too complicated recipe. Nah, I'm a shirt. Yeah, 6.30. It is, yes. Yep. Nah, it's sixty minutes. Nah, about ten, fifteen. Nah, nah, I did. I didn't, I didn't actually read it. Okay, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment,