 I got up at my partner's or my girlfriend's parents' place in the mountains. I had breakfast, I then changed the bandage on my foot, had a shower, got dressed, then just hang around the house for a while, not a lot. Her sister, brother-in-law came up with their kid, their 14 or 15-month-old child, so I spoke to them for a while. Then about lunchtime, I drove home, left my partner there. I then went back to Sydney about 3 o'clock. I went to Bunnings where I bought some paint and other stuff to paint the lounge room. I then went some grocery shopping, Coles and Ramsgate. I went home, unpacked the car and the groceries. Then I just relaxed at home, unpacked the suitcase, had a little bit of dinner, watched a bit of TV. I rang my girlfriend and got ready for bed. I was in bed by about 10.30 yesterday, about 8, about a quarter past 8. Scrambled eggs and bacon on toast. No, a cup of coffee. I didn't really have lunch, just nibbled on foods and stuff until about 12, 12.30 and left. Yes, about two hours. Must have been a bit later then because I got home at 3, so I must have left a bit later. I must have left closer to 1. Yes, yes, yes. Not normally. Occasionally my girlfriend, but not often. Yes, Bunnings. From the beginning, I got up, had breakfast, did a bit of housework, then drove to my girlfriend's place where I picked her up. Then we drove to the mountains, had some lunch, a late lunch or early dinner, one or the other. Then her father went to work. He works night shift. Sat around the house, talk, watch a bit of TV, went to bed. That's about all. Not a lot of excitement. I went to bed about half past 11. What did I watch on TV? I watched X-Men. I watched the golf. Yes, straight in over the final round. Yes, I came in second, but yes. When I first turned the line, I went to watch it live. It was the last group on the last hole, so I taped it. I saw that Greg Chalmers won, so that took the mystery out of that. And then I just replayed stuff in the beginning of the tape, and I watched a few hours of it, and I went to bed. So I've still got more to watch, but I know who won, yes. No, about quarter past eight. Scrambled eggs. Occasionally, but not a lot. I don't eat eggs a lot, so it's a treat. Look at that. Bandage, yeah. I've got a sore on my foot as a result of electrocuting myself on Tuesday. I plugged in the iron and used an extension cord to power the power point, so I could have it in the lounge room so I could watch TV. And it was just under my foot, so I just flicked it with my foot, and it just flamed out and burnt. Foot burned about the size of a 20-cent piece. So I rang up the Burns hotline and repeated the story again, and said, oh, you've been electrocuted. You need to see a doctor in the next four hours. This is nine o'clock at night, so I said, well, the only doctor I'm going to see at that time of night is in the casualty. Well, that's where you've got to go. So I went to the emergency, repeated the story to the triage nurse. He said, just go and register. So they took me straight in to get some more detailed history from the triage nurse, and they checked my blood pressure. Then I went back outside. I was out there, and the place was packed, and I went there probably 15 minutes, and they called me back in, and they did an ECG to make sure my heart rhythm was still fine. And they said, look, something a little bit funny there. Well, I'm pretty sure that's what they said. And we're going to keep you for about four hours for observations. And they took some blood to make sure there's no enzymes that damaged my heart, did a urine test to make sure there's nothing wrong with my kidneys. They put me on a pulsometer thing, which measures my oxygen saturation and heart rate, and the thing that did my blood pressure every hour. And then I repeated that story to about 20 people in the hospital. And then, as I've seen there, then they did another ECG just before they let me go. And I got out about 2.30 in the morning. Yeah, yeah, they said, yeah, it was. They said that. Yeah, yes, that's correct. Older. She's a baby, so we're all older than her. Nah, nah, just a brother-in-law. She does have a brother, but they don't talk. Sister and a brother-in-law. Not a lot, really. I just had some pavlova. My mother cooked, their mother cooked, her mother cooked the night before, or the day before. So I had that, some biscuits. That's basically it. About one o'clock. Yeah, it was pretty good. I mean, gets a bit of a bowl neck in that first 10 Ks, or first 10 Ks just outside of Wentworth Hall, because it's just one lane. But that moved pretty good. And other than that, it was great, because you get the dual carriage in, so there's no real problems then. Yes, yeah, Wentworth Hall, yeah. Nope, nope, nope, nope, nope. Probably is. No, I wasn't bouncing off the windscreen, but he seemed all right. Nah, he said he was fine, so I just kept driving. Yeah, yeah, he said, yeah, I'm all right, don't worry. Nah, that can't be right. They had Bunnings. Bunnings. Nah, I bought paint. Oh yeah, I went to shopping after that to Coles. Nah, sometimes. Uh, I could take either. It's just Coles was closer to where I lived, so I'll go there. I did. Yes. He didn't win. Nah, pretty sure. Yeah, unless it must have disqualified a few people to do that. Nah, I watched a replay, I taped it and I replayed it. Yes, yes. Nah, it was a bit earlier than that. I went to 4.11, about half past 10 maybe. Uh, in the street, outside. You're going to need a warrant for that.