 Okay, so I can make it up. Alright, this could be fun. Okay, what I did yesterday, well, I got up about 5.30 in the morning and had a bit of a look around and decided to get dressed actually. It took me a bit longer to get up because I slept in a bit and didn't really want to get out of bed because I'd been up late the night before. But that was alright, so I got out of bed and got dressed, you know, had a shave and all that sort of stuff. Then went to, went and had breakfast, read the newspaper on the phone. Nothing particularly exciting about the newspaper. Went to the station, so I left home, yeah, around about half past six I suppose. I noticed it was rather foggy, it was a really foggy morning. And walked down and admired the, there's a house that I walk past every day that's owned by an old man and I think his wife, but I don't see his wife very much. I'm not sure if she's still there, but he's got a very nice rose garden. So I actually stopped and admired his roses and thinking that one day I'll need to go knock on his door and ask him what his secret is about how he grows his roses. So what I'm thinking of doing is offering to, in exchange for some tips on how he grows his roses to offer to make him a batch of scones or something and take him some scones. So anyway, I didn't do that, so I walked down the station and waited for the train. Of course, the usual train, same as normal, no big dramas there. Ended up having a bit of a snooze on the train on the way to work, which is always good. But it seems to be the usual characters on the train, so it doesn't really matter, you know, you seem a little bit comfortable, it's the same face that sits around you every day on the train. I got to work and had a fairly normal start to the day. Of course, the job I do is very interesting. I don't work in an office anymore. Actually, my workplace is at the airport, although it keeps changing from day to day, depends where I go. Sometimes I start at Sydney, other times I might start at Brisbane or sometimes Melbourne. And, you know, so it's not bad. And I get to work and, you know, I have to, depending on where they're going to send me for the day depends on what sort of work I've got to do. So, you know, sometimes I might have a 767 or an Airbus to fly. And so I'm normally going to go to work, get the roster for where they want me to go to, and I'll have to go to do the pre-flight planning and stuff, which I'll go to the planning operations office for. And they tell me where I'm going to go and whatever plan I'm going to take and what time I'll fly. And so then I normally, you know, find out what gate it's going to be at, and I'll go down at the gate. And I'll wait for the plane to come in, and it might have come from Alice Springs or from Darwin or Melbourne, or depending on where it's been in the previous sector. The crew brings the aircraft in, shuts it down. I'll then go on board, talk to the other pilots. We'll do a handover, identify any problems with the aircraft, any systems issues. Often they've got what they call, there's a number of deficiencies or defects in the aircraft. But we have what's called a minimum equipment list, which says that the aircraft can fly, providing it meets the minimum requirements. So, you know, we can have a broken compass, and we can have a, say, an altimeter that's a little bit dodgy, but we're only allowed a certain number. You know, we can't fly, obviously, if all the compasses are not working or none of the air conditioning works, things like that. So there's a certain number of things you're allowed to have that are broken. And we do the handover, and then we normally program the flight computer and wait for our clearance and get the passengers to board, and away we go. And, say, yesterday, I think, where did I start? I started at Sydney. I flew to Melbourne, went from Melbourne to Adelaide, had lunch in Adelaide. Actually, Adelaide was quite nice yesterday. It was a good approach. You know, the weather wasn't too bad. Ended up hanging around the airport, though, so after a while you get a bit annoyed with the airport food. Even for people that, you know, work there all the time, I think, preferences to bring your own lunch. You can appreciate, you know, it's very hard when you're sort of leaving home early in the morning to pack your lunch and, you know, drag it halfway around the countryside. So I ended up going from there to, where did I go after that? The next sector from Adelaide to Alice Springs. Did an approach in over Ears Rock, which is quite interesting, because most people actually think that Ears Rock is in Alice Springs, but it's not. It's about 140 kilometers to the south of Alice Springs. So quite interesting. You know, you talk to a lot of tourists and stuff and they go, oh, you know, I'm going to go to Alice Springs to go to Ears Rock. And, you know, they sort of imagine that you'd walk out of Alice Springs and there's the rocks sort of on the side of the road. But as I said, it's about 140 kilometers away. So that was good. So and then finished up there, went to Brisbane, did a quick hop to Brisbane. That's about an hour, hour and a half, two-hour flight to Brisbane. Weather wasn't too good when I got to Brisbane, which was a bit of a warning of things to come. And then the final sector was I came back as a passenger or what they call a crew passenger back into Sydney last night. And we got back just as the thunderstorms were rolling through Sydney, which was a bit of a problem because, as you're probably aware, you know, you've air traffic control and landing and approach is tightly controlled. And the weather plays a big part in that. So there's thunderstorms in the vicinity of the airport. The last thing you want to be doing is trying to bring in a 767 or any aircraft really into land because you need to have a controlled rate of descent and your approach has got to be very good. So and one of the things that thunderstorms do by their very nature is they throw a lot of turbulence around. And so when you're coming in on approach, the last thing you want to be doing is having down drafts or up drafts trying to push around and roll you off your center line. So the issue coming into Sydney last night was all these bloody big thunderstorms came through and the airport was shut for about 45 minutes, which invariably means that we're banked up. And I think we spent something like an hour and a half circling around Hunter Valley. And, you know, there's only so many times you can look at an open-cut coal mine and be impressed by the amount of light. So that was kind of interesting. And we came in, flew the approach, and one of my friends, a good friend's Mike, was the captain. And so I sat up in the cockpit and watched the approach. It was all fairly standard. Came in, flew the approach, and I think we were back at the terminal about 8 o'clock. Yeah, then it was just a case of get my bag and do a runner for it. And one of the really good things, if you fly up in the cockpit, you can sneak out the door before the first class and business class passengers. And, you know, it's normally a bit of a cattle class crush when you try and get off an airplane. But no, it was good. I was able to sneak out and, you know, get up the air bridge before anybody else and, you know, call the train home. So I was home about 9, 30, 10 o'clock last night. Got home and, yeah, it wasn't a bad day. I'd logged up, clocked up about 8, 8 hours flying. Got to see half the country. It was all pretty good. Then I went to bed about 11, I think. I had a few lunatic sips, as they say. You know, I had a couple of scotches and a bit of champagne, I think. And I can't remember what happened after that. So I think it was about 11 o'clock I went to bed. Yeah, about that. Yeah, usually, well, it depends. I mean, sometimes I get up before 30. If I've got an early flight departing Sydney, I'll get up early. So 4.30. No, no, 6.30. Yeah, about that. Yeah. Oh, positive, yeah. Well, you know, positive because normally, you know, the day before was 4.30 and I deliberately thought, bugger it, I'm not waking up before 30 or 5.30. It's 6.30 today because that's two hours sleeping. No, I didn't have porridge, actually. I had cereal instead. It was a muesli. Although what I do is I cheat. I actually mix two together. So it's not the same muesli every day. No, no, I mix two brands together. No, on my iPhone. Yeah, on my iPhone. Yeah, because you can do that. It is, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's why, you know, my glasses are not very good these days. I need to get an iPad, but, you know, as a Qantas pilot, I don't get paid enough to get. No, I walked to the railway station. Yeah. It was about that, you know, like, so, you know, I got up at 6.30 and so it might have been, you know, 6.40 that I actually walked into the station. Yeah, about that, yeah. Being a bloke, I'm pretty, pretty easy to get ready, you know. I wear the same clothes every day. I've been a pilot, so it's, you know, it's the black pants and the white shirt. Put the hat on, grab the bag, out you go. No, no, no, I went to Sydney to Melbourne. Then I went to Melbourne to Adelaide. Adelaide, Dallas Springs, Brisbane. And then when I actually came back, I wasn't actually flying. I was a passenger. No, no, no, no, no, okay. No, Lake George is down near Canberra. No, we were in Hunter Valley because, you know, obviously when you come north, you know, you come south, down from Brisbane. Hunter Valley is generally the holding area, you know, for planes coming into Sydney, so. Oh, no, no, no, I think it was a little bit later than that. I think it was about 8 o'clock we came into Sydney. No, no, I don't know. It was fairly, well, you know, no, I don't because I was asleep most of the time. No, not at all. No. No, no, it didn't happen. No. No, no, it was good. Well, no, because I was asleep, so. No, no, I, I woke up at Woollah Creek. The train stops at Woollah Creek and I wake up and thought, oh, s***, only two stops to go. So, yeah, sure. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment,