 I haven't been so far. Righto. Ah, okay, yesterday, um, yesterday I was in Canberra, um, because we're, the Parliament's sitting at the moment, so, a bit busy down there, and, uh, I got up about 7 o'clock, uh, got changed, you know, with the bathroom and toilet and all that sort of stuff, had, uh, got on my sports clothes, so shorts and, uh, shirt and everything, went for a run around Lake Billy Griffin, and it took about, I don't know, maybe, 45 minutes, I suppose. So I got back, had a shower, then, uh, had breakfast, and read the paper, normally got the, uh, normally got the papers here, my, my driver brings around the papers, you know, most of the, well, generally I get, like, the financial, financial review, uh, the Sydney Morning Herald and the Melbourne Sun, and all the usual papers, so, I sat there and, um, read the papers while I had my breakfast, so, for, what did I have for breakfast, yesterday I had toast and, uh, and orange juice for breakfast, then, um, had about, probably quarter to nine. I got my driver, Tony, to, um, pick me up, and we went up to, went up to work, and, uh, checked in the office, did my email, had a, had a few meetings, that morning, we were talking about, uh, strategy and, and, uh, some of the, some of the policies at the moment of the government, that we're, uh, we're not too happy with, and we're, we're trying to pick a few arguments about. Uh, I had a meeting with, um, had a, actually it was a phone hookup, with the, um, the Premier of New South Wales, Al Barry, uh, because Barry, Barry and I go back quite a way, so, uh, had a bit of a chat, and he was telling me they've got a few problems over the year with, um, you know, infrastructure spinning, and, uh, how the government, the current government, oh, Julia, she wants to be a bit of a bitch, you know, she's, she's going to impose a, um, and basically a tax on them, you know, take $900 million off them if they don't, uh, if they try and claim additional mining, you know, the mining royalty stuff, so. Anyway, I had a bit of a chat to him about the strategies there, and I think what we can do, and I said to him that, you know, when I get elected to, to be Prime Minister, that we'll actually repeal that tax, and, uh, they'll get their $900 million back, and it'll all be good, so. So, the, it was pretty much, you know, and then we had a, a, a opposition cabinet party meeting, um, meeting, cabinet meeting room discussion, which went for, uh, probably an hour, that was from about 11 o'clock, 11 till 12. Then, uh, for lunch, I went and got, um, you know, I think I just went down to the parliamentary cafe yesterday for lunch, and, and I was having lunch there with Wilson Tuckey and a, and a few other, a few of the other old party faithful. Um, you know, I probably spent an hour or so, or I had a, I had, uh, had a bit of quiche and some salad, which wasn't too bad, actually, because, uh, Shirley, the, the, the lady, one of the ladies who works down there in the parliamentary canteen, I think, I think she's, she's got a bit of a soft spot for me, so she looks after me, gives me an extra serve of, um, of stuff when I go down there, which is, you know, it's just a, a little thing we've got going. But, uh, anyway, so there, had lunch, and then after lunch, uh, we had, um, we had to be called into the chamber, because it was for a discussion on, on policy. So, it was a fairly ordinary afternoon of, you know, a bit of arguing and telling Julia that she was no good, and she didn't know what she was talking about, and, you know, I made a speech, I think, about, um, the fact that the mining royalties that they've, the legislation's just gone through the House, that, how they, they've got no idea, and they're hopeless, and, you know, they, the, the government accused me of having a $70 billion hole in them, you know, Liberal Party budget estimates and stuff, so, you know, the usual, usual argy-bargy and bullshit that goes on, and, uh, you know, look, that, that went on pretty late. We, we didn't get out of there till about 8 o'clock, and, um, I tried, you know, I had to sneak out. Obviously, you do get out of there, because you've got to go to the toilet and all that sort of stuff, and have a cup of coffee, so I got out of there about 8 o'clock, and then went for dinner, um, with, uh, got Tony to pick me up, Tony, my driver, um, because being a, being an opposition leader, we get, um, a comm car, which is probably one of the best routes going, because I get this bloke, my personal driver, Tony, and he picks me up and drives me around wherever I want to go, and, uh, you know, you can just sort of say, oh, Tony, I want to go to the restaurant, he'll pick a good one and, you know, drop you off in the pickup later, so, saves having to catch taxis. So, anyway, we, um, we went down to the restaurant down in Marnika, and we, we're a little Thai place, and I had, uh, I had, uh, what we officially used to call shit on a stick, which is, uh, uh, chicken sade. That was pretty good. And then I had, um, that was an entree. And then the main meal, I had, uh, pad thai, chicken pad thai, so, that was pretty good, you know, I didn't, didn't get on the grog too much, because, you know, a few other people were doing that for me. You know, I didn't need to carry on anymore like a lunatic, so. Finished there about 10 o'clock, you know, while I was there, had a, had a couple more phone calls, you know, local constituents, they were whinging about different things, about bloody radios being fixed, and how come the local schools gonna close down, all that sort of stuff. And I've gotta tell you, just, you know, you gotta talk to them, but geez, they give you the shits after a while. You know, they think that, because you're the opposition leader, they can just ring you up and bloody, you know, flap in your ear about everything that's going on in their world. And, uh, yeah, so, I think Tony came and picked me up about 10 o'clock, and, uh, then went back to, um, went back to my accommodation, and, um, had a shower and went to bed. And I, I did actually watch Q and A, um, because, hey, that Tony Jones, he's a bit of a larrikin, and, uh, you know, he sometimes, you know, ABC can be very politically biased. They, they follow, they follow, uh, the Labor government and, uh, a bunch of bloody communist socialist bastards they are. But anyway, old Tony Jones, I was watching him, and that was all right, you know, nothing too controversial. Uh, watched a bit of Late Line, and then went to bed, so, yeah, that was pretty much my day. Oh, I think it was about 11.30, yeah. No, sometimes I do, but, uh, my, my normal constituencies, uh, in Melbourne, so, but when I'm, when Parliament's sitting, I have to, uh, live in Canberra. No comment. Oh, it was, uh, yeah, yeah, about 8 o'clock, yeah. Yeah, about 8. No, no, went, went for a run around Lake Billy Griffin. No, only about 45 minutes, really. No, no, no, no, for breakfast, I had, uh, had, uh, toast and some, some fruit. No, no, I had honey. People say I'm not sweet enough. No, no, that's for poofs. Uh, actually, it was, uh, it was actually green tea. Yeah. Yeah, orange juice. No, I read the paper, because Tony, my, my driver, he brings me the papers in the morning. No, no, I didn't read that one today. I, I actually, yes, I read the, uh, the Canberra Times, Fin Review, Melbourne Herald. Yeah, it was really around, around, yeah, 9 o'clock, 9.30, somewhere around there. Yeah, somewhere around there. Yeah, about that. Started work around about 10, yeah. Yeah, I would do that as well. Well, I don't know, it was, it was around about that time, it was early morning, you know. No, no, Barry, Barry O'Farrell, Uncle Baz, Baz would be calling. He used to call me Fat Barry, but, you know, now he's lost all his weight, he's, he's not fat anymore. No, he's pissed, he's, he's not very happy, and, and so what he's, what he reckons he's gonna do is claim the money, and then the Commonwealth Prime Minister's saying they're gonna hold back that amount of money in GS2 funding. No, it was about, no, no, we, we had a, we had a party room meeting, and then, and then we had lunch. No, no, I had a, a coosh, but Shirley, and Shirley, she looks after me, you know, so she gave me a bit extra. Shirley, yeah, yeah, she, she's, she's the old lady that works down in the, in the parliamentary canteen. No, no, it's Shirley, yeah, yeah. Julie's my other friend, but nobody knows about that. No, no, no, about, about 8 o'clock, I've got Tony to drive me down to the restaurant. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, Monica, no, Ty. No, no, no, no, I had shit on a stick and chicken pad Thai. No, come to think of it, no, I don't think so. An oversight. No, I didn't say that at all. No, I said I went back to my accommodation. Oh, that's in, that's in Fishwick. Well, yeah, it is, but I've got Tony to drive me, so it doesn't matter. Yeah, and Lateline after that. I just think it's Tony Jones. No, about, about probably 11 o'clock. Yeah, about that. Whatever time Lateline finishes, it might be 11, quarter past 11. Channel 2. Yeah, those lefty communist bastards. You wait till I become Prime Minister, they're gone. Kerry Pagariso. Doesn't matter, you can still bring him back. Not coming, not coming.