 What I did yesterday? How long ago? Yesterday? Oh you mean like the day before today? Is that what you mean? The day before today I got up at very early, 4 o'clock yesterday morning because my job is very important and if I don't get up early and get going then the things I look after the animals I look after they get quite upset. So I got up at 4 o'clock I went to the bathroom I took a shower, got dressed then I went outside and started the barbecue up, cooked some bacon and egg had a bit of toast and then I was just having a look out the back and looking across all the animals and hear them starting to make noises I heard the monkeys having a bit of a chat to each other and the birds were starting to wake up because sunrise yesterday I think was around about 6 so I suppose by the time I'd finished breakfast I'd got organised it was probably maybe 5 and you know you had the early sunrise sort of starts a little bit after 5 excuse me so, yes I had breakfast and then I went around went around all the animal enclosures and said hello to all the animals we've got monkeys and got a couple of tigers there's a family of giraffes down the back and some hippopotamuses but you've got to be careful of hippopotamuses because they're a little bit nasty at times and very territorial but so I went and said hello and then when I got the feed out because we normally like to give them a feed first thing in the morning because that way it keeps people or keeps them happy and people like to see them being fed and you know otherwise it's not it's a lot harder feeding them during the day because when people are around it's um, it's you know they get in the way and members of the public they want to stick their two bobs in and go how come you're feeding that and that's not the right diet for a bloody giraffe and you know anyway so I went around and fed them all, that took me probably I probably started about six I suppose, by the time I got all the food ready, then I fed them all finished about seven stopped and had a chat to the monkeys they're pretty funny actually, you can talk to them and they move their heads in funny ways and almost if they understand what you're saying. So then um, so I what did I say about two, a couple of hours so probably eight o'clock, then we I just went back, had a cup of coffee, read the paper then at nine o'clock the gates opened and we had a fairly ordinary day I suppose so, oh you know, as usual usual hordes of you know, feral bloody school children coming in and running around and trying to throw things at the animals, we had a a giraffe feeding session at two o'clock so I went down there and looked after that and basically what we do is we we get the giraffes to come over and we feed them, we let members of the public feed them carrots and give them a talk and tell them about you know, what the giraffes do and they're often quite interested in knowing that the giraffes are related to horses and most people don't realise that and they love eating carrots and they've got purple tongues and yeah they're pretty good animals but so yeah we did that for about, that normally goes for about half an hour 45 minutes, then the giraffes head off and I went back and did some paperwork in the office for a couple of hours and did some filing and started counting, I was helping out um, helping Akira do the she's our, you know receptionist sort of bookkeeper help to count the money for the day process takings and uh, yeah then we closed the gates at 4.30 um, cause we're having short days this year, although the days are getting a little bit longer but you know, you need to close the gates and get everyone out before it gets dark. Then we we then went round I grabbed um, I grabbed my mate Richard, who's head of the canine enclosure and we went round and did the nightly feed of the animals, made sure they were in their pens excuse me, had a look at the caught in on the hippopotamus enclosure and had a look at the, there's a little young one in there, and made sure that was going ok and she's been there for about four months and is doing really well and also very cute, you've got to watch out for them because they um, the mothers are very territorial and very aggressive and a lot of people don't realise, but in the wild they're actually responsible for more human deaths than just about any other animal in Africa, so whilst we think that they're nice little critters, they're actually quite quite dangerous. So yeah, I did the feeding and finished that about 8 o'clock and then went back and had dinner and, well we had dinner last night I think, we had some leftover chicken and pasta and I was in bed I surfed the internet for a little bit was looking up some details about about caribbeans, we're thinking about going on holiday. I was in bed by about 9 o'clock I suppose, so all in all a fairly fairly standard sort of day you know, the animals were all in good nick and no complaints, it all went pretty well No, no, no, no, this is my own zoo No, no, no, no, no It's Johnson Zoo, yeah I'm sure you must have heard of us, we've been around for some time. No, no, no, no, 4 4am. Yeah, yeah, yeah, well most days, it depends on daylight savings because you know, sometimes daylight saving just throws everything out, I mean the curtains fade more because there's a little more daylight and the animals get upset, but yeah no, no, it's generally 4 o'clock, so yes, over 4 o'clock No, no, no, no, you can't cook wee pigs on a barbecue out the back, listening to the animals. Yeah, yeah Oh, that would have been about maybe 5, if I started that, and then I finished about 6, so yeah. Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, took the food around No, no, no, no, that was all finished by about 8 o'clock. Yeah, about 8 o'clock. Yeah, yeah, because we I stopped and had a chat to the monkeys on the way Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's, yeah I'm sure, yeah, I'm sure, I'm sure No, they open about 8 8.30. Yeah, yeah, well you know sometimes it can be 9am, but it's generally 8.30, because we get, so we get all these feral school kids coming in, you know, there's bloody buses and buses and all that little shit, they're everywhere They're like ants. Yeah, and I'm sure some of the animals would like the kids too, if we let them, you know, child protection these days, you're not allowed to, it's probably bad for the animals too No, no, that was 2? Yeah, 2pm because I, you know, it's kind of like afternoon tea time for the giraffes and they get all excited. No, only half an hour, half an hour to feed the giraffes, because see, the thing is if you actually stood there for long enough and had enough carrots, the little, the big buggers would eat them all, and then they, then they start burping and, have you ever seen a giraffe burp? It's terrible. No, no, no, no, it's no tiger feeding session Yeah, you just can't do it It doesn't work. No, it was about it was about 4.30, I think around 4, 4.30 we shut the gates, because you know, they said you've got to shut the gates before it gets dark and get everyone out, then you know, go and feed all the animals No, no, no, me and Richard, yeah, yeah, yeah he's the canine keeper Um, no no we don't. No, no, it's oh, no, I think, I think the time I got it all finished was about, it was about 8 o'clock yeah, I think I finished everything, it was about 8 o'clock last night. No, no, chicken, chicken and pasta, leftovers. Well, I heated it up, it was already cooked. Yes, kind of I helped. No, no, I surfed the internet for a little bit, yeah, about that. No, no Oh, maybe an hour, if that Oh, maybe a bit after 8 o'clock, maybe 10 past 8. Yeah, yeah, yeah, around about that Might have been a bit earlier, possible, yeah No comment, no comment