 No worries. Yesterday I got up and I had a shower and then I had breakfast. After I had breakfast I got dressed and then I came to work. I drove to work yesterday. I think I probably left home about six. Then got here about seven-ish. Started work. Did some search warrant stuff. Just looking for what we did search warrants the day before. So I was just going through what we'd found and you know organizing what we had to do with the different things. I had lunch at about midday. After that I did... I can't remember what I did after that. I think I might have just done the daily synopsis or something. Go through the events and see if there's been anything gun related happening. After that I think I finished work at about four o'clock and drove home and ate dinner and went to bed. That was about nine o'clock. Spaghetti and meatballs. Probably about seven. Nah, wife cooked dinner. Five probably. I think I had pies yesterday. I walked up the street to Parramatta and bought some pies. Yeah, meat pies. Two. Yeah, that's all I had. Fruit loops and milk of course. I got up about probably about 5.30. I think it was about six. About seven. Nah, I think we might have gone... We went out last night actually. I think we had dinner and then went out to the movies. The cinema up the road at Chatswood. We saw that horrible Bosses movie. Had its moments. Wasn't great but it was all right. Yeah, the wife drove up there so we did drive but I didn't drive. She drove her car. No, got no kids. Seven thirty. Seven thirty-ish. An hour and a half. So that would be until nine. I guess I probably didn't get home until maybe nine thirty then. Something like that. No, it probably would have been more like ten. Yeah, around then. Approximately. No, oh hang on. No, I would have been up at five thirty and left at about six and then got here at seven. Which I think is what I said originally. That's work car. Oh yeah, just whatever's available. Um, I don't think that's right. I don't know. Could have been. I've had a long few days. I've been pretty tired. I can't remember everything that I do. Yeah, probably. I don't know. Yeah, six. I'd stick with six. Um, I still think I got here... I don't know. Might have been eight or something. Nah, it doesn't take that long. Um, I don't know. Where'd you get that information that I was here at nine? Okay, I'd probably have to check the uh, the swipe, like the time I swipe my tag or something, because I don't think that's right. No, oh, all right. Um, that's strange. Maybe I... Oh, when I got here actually the gates might have just been open. So I might have walked in and then um, maybe I went out after that and then came back and that time I had to swap my card. We're here, you know, here for a while and then uh, you know, didn't actually swipe in when I first got here. I usually take the same one but sometimes it's a different one. Um, yeah, probably I'd say it's probably the one I've taken the most. I do, like, after I use it the next day I've got to uh, fill in the logbook to say that I used it. What sort of incident? Okay, um, no, that wasn't me driving. I didn't get in any collisions. No, there's no, no traffic lights on my way home, so I didn't go through any traffic lights. Yeah, there's no traffic lights on the way that I go. Um, Harrison Smith Street. Oh, yeah, I guess there's some lights there. No, um, I think he reversed into me actually, now that I come to think of it. He was going to turn and then, for some reason, he put his reverse lights on and came backwards and just crashed into me. Um, oh, the, yeah, the bonnet's a bit crinkled I guess. Not too bad though. I wasn't going to worry about it. Yeah, I didn't know what to do so I just, you know, thought it would be too much trouble to stop and all that sort of thing so I just left. Um, I still think I was here at eight, so I don't think that that's right, but, uh, I don't know. I guess maybe I, I could, I guess I could have been unconscious for a little while. I'm not sure. It's hard to tell. Yeah, I think that's all right. That's, yeah. Um, oh, because when you're asking me questions before, I thought, oh, maybe it was a little bit later than seven. It's hard to tell. I got a bump on the head yesterday somewhere and I can't really remember, um, how that happened or, or anything. You know, it's all a bit, a bit hazy. Uh, I think it was about four I left. Yep. Um, I took a different one because the, the one I drove that morning was too crinkled and it wouldn't start. Nah, I didn't know what to do so I didn't worry about it. Uh, yeah, I think it was about eight a bit earlier. Yeah, we went to the movies. Sorry, what time? Um, I think it was nine o'clock. Nah, I'm not really sure. I was just having a guess. Sure. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.