 Okay, I got up at probably about a quarter past six. Got up and cleaned out the cat litter. Got dressed, sort of had a bit of a wash. I probably did that before I got dressed actually. Then I would have just come to work. Walked out to the car and jumped in the car and driven to work. Parked, usually park about a k away from work. So walked to work the rest of the way. I think I started, I think I got in about a quarter past seven or so yesterday. I can't remember what I specifically did. I think I was working on call charge records yesterday. I made a couple of charts and that sort of thing to try and work out who's contacting who for one of our jobs that we're doing at the moment. So I think I worked on that pretty much all morning and then I probably had lunch about midday. I don't know. Half hour lunch break. Can't remember what I did during my lunch break. I might have gone for a walk down the town and I don't know, had a look around JB Hi-Fi or something and then walked back. In the afternoon I think I just continued on with the same stuff. Doing more of the call charge records and things. Cleaning up some charts. Then I went home. I don't know. Yeah, I think I went home early yesterday actually because I had to take the cat to the vet. So I did that. Won't go into the specifics of what happened there. Then after I went to the vet I took the cat home and by then it was I think it was like 20 past three or something. So I didn't come back to work because by the time I got back to work it would have been four o'clock and I usually finish at five so I thought it wasn't worth it. So I rang the sergeant and said I'm not coming back and she said okay no worries. Then I sat around home and I think I went on the internet for a little while. I was looking up some video editing stuff. Did that for maybe an hour or something and then my wife got home and we probably watched some tv. Can't remember what was on. Then she cooked some dinner. We had like curried chicken stuff and then I think we watched some more tv or something and then went to bed and that was about it. It was probably about 10 30 or something around then. What was there? There was I think we watched The Office and there's a new show on called American Horror Story or something like that. Nah we watched that actually I think I went to bed before that finished so I probably went to bed a bit earlier than 10 30. I don't remember. I watched Neighbours. Can't miss Neighbours. That's probably about all we watched I think. I did have lunch yesterday. No actually I didn't have lunch yesterday because I left work on my lunch break to go and take the cat to the vet so I think I left. I can't remember what time I left but I sort of used my lunch break to go sort of from here to the car and then start driving home. By the time I got home and took the cat to the vet and all that sort of stuff I think it was about three o'clock or something and then I got on the internet and started doing that and I never thought about having lunch so I probably had like a snack in the afternoon or something but I don't think I actually had lunch yesterday. Yeah no that didn't happen. I was probably thinking about the day before but I still like would have taken the lunch break. I think I took the lunch break about half past 12. Yeah because I'd forgotten that I took the cat to the vet when I said that I went down the town. That was probably the day before that I did that. It usually takes, it depends what time I go, but if it's not too much traffic then it's usually about 25 minutes, half an hour, something like that. No it would have been probably about 1.15 or something like that because I've got like a 15 minute walk from here to my car and then a half hour drive home from there sort of thing so it's all up it's probably about 40, 45 minutes or something like that to get from here to home. No it was earlier than that, it was about 6.15 something like that. I started work at 7 or it might have been a quarter past 7 by the time I actually started. No we don't have a dog, we've got a cat. We live in a unit so she doesn't get to go out either. Yeah she's got a litter tray so just clean the poos out so that she will use it. No drive. Yes it is. I own one and my wife owns one so we have two but one's in my name and one's in her name. No I park, I think it's Thomas Street or something it's just like it's the closest free parking that there is, bound anyway. Yeah I think there's two streets that I usually park in so if I get here a bit earlier then I can get the closest street but if it's a bit later then I sort of have to go up around the corner and it gets a bit further away, roughly about yeah. No I might have had to have moved somebody's garbage bin so call that an incident then maybe. Yeah that's what I did because the bin was in the way of my parking so like I was just going to drive over the bin but then I thought I'd just kick it out of the way because it was easy. I didn't want to touch it because it was dirty. Oh it probably did, I don't know. I didn't pay attention. I just kicked it and then looked away. No I don't think I hit any cars. I might have like hit the bin or something but I don't think I hit any cars. Um it's 90, 2002. Um it's got a scrape on the back passenger side. Um I think it's about maybe about 30 centimeters long. Um just a couple of little thin lines sort of maybe five millimeters wide each or something. It is, I think I washed it about six months ago. Um oh probably when I washed it but I don't remember hitting anything so I don't think they'd be broken. I don't think that's right but if my rear blinker's broken then someone must have come up and broken it after I parked because I didn't hit any cars. So um to frame me, I don't know, to make me look like a bad person. Maybe they had, maybe their car was, maybe they crashed their car when they were parking it and then thought that they'd come up and like kick my car or something and break my light so that it would look like I hit them so that I'd have to pay for their repairs. Um I guess whoever kicked my car must have also rubbed some paint off my car onto their car. Umm parked up in that same street. Not that I've noticed, I was just going on what you've told me it is I guess, sure. No comment. No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment No comment.