 Okay, I'm just, oh yeah, I got up around 8 o'clock, had breakfast and got into work at, just on 9.30 yesterday. Then went to work, finished at 5.15 and then went to the gym and then I got picked up from the gym because I got dropped off at work and went home, made dinner and went to bed at around 10.30. Around 8 o'clock, I got a lift to work. I got to work at 9.30. I don't think I had any breakfast. Sorry, I'm just trying to think. I had a banana I think at my desk. Yeah, I walked down the street at about 12.15 and just got a roll from one of the sandwich shops. Tuna and salad, 5.15. I spent about an hour. I left the gym at around 20 past six. Yeah, well I got picked up from the gym so I was home by about say quarter to seven, maybe a bit earlier, a few minutes earlier maybe. Just watched a bit of news, just yeah, mainly just a bit of current affairs. Around 10.30, just yeah, just potted around the house. I went to the shops and that was about it. Groceries, yeah. Coles, very rarely because there isn't one in my local area. Well, Coles is closer so I tend to go to Coles. Again, very occasionally because it's not... There is one actually locally but the parking's terrible so I don't worry so much. That was around 5.30. Yeah, it was around 5.30. Yeah, one. Just me. Oh yeah, there's a car park underneath the... I got a spot but yeah, it was very busy. No, I wasn't involved in an incident at all. No, that wasn't actually how it occurred. There was just a dent in my car from the person that was trying to park in the spot next to my car. Oh well yeah, we did actually, we did exchange details. Yeah, well not on my side. He was rather aggressive and was trying to sort of palm off any responsibility. My car was stationary and it was when I came back with my shopping that I observed that he had actually dented my car. I mean, it wasn't a big issue for me. I mean, these things happen but he was trying to sort of shun all or any responsibility for it. So, oh well, I mean, I tried to stay calm but I was assertive insofar as I, you know, had seen what happened and I wasn't going to accept that he wasn't responsible for it. No, no, on the contrary. Oh, he didn't threaten me but he was aggressive and yeah, he was angry. Yeah. Oh, just to my husband? No, not particularly. Yeah, well he wasn't there. He just took my word for what happened and that was that. Yeah. Oh no, not at all. No. Well, I don't have his phone number. I have... No, I don't have his phone number. No, I got his name, his Red Joe number and that was about it. It's at home. Yes. Oh yeah, well I have a garage but often I just leave it in the driveway. Three years old? No, no, not yet. No, I mean, it just happened so. I mean, I intend, I've been intending to contact his insurance company and then taking it from there. Yeah, it was on the, it was actually on the backside left panel. Yep, sure. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comments. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Mitigated.