 Okay, so well yesterday was Thursday, so I got up at around 7.30 and got my little one, my three-year-old up. He doesn't go to daycare on Thursday, my sister looks after him, so we had breakfast, I had a shower, got him organized, got his clothes and whatnot together and drove to my sister who lives probably five minutes down the road. She dropped me, she took my car, she got in the car and dropped me at work because, so I didn't have to worry about parking for the day and then she's got a permit at her place, so I walked back to her place and picked it up later on. So yeah, got to work at about nine o'clock, just working on my usual task associated with my work. I had lunch about 12.30, a fellow that I work with got me a roll from the bakery down the street and left work at five and then walked up to the gym, fitness first and did a cycle class that started at 5.30. Then I walked up to get my car that was at North Parramatta and went home. My sister dropped my son off, my husband came home, we had dinner, watched some TV and went to bed at around 9.30, 10 o'clock and that was the day. I actually had a shake, I'm on this protein shake and I put some berries in it, put it in the mixer and I had that and my son had bacon and a poached egg. So you got into work at about 9 o'clock? Yeah. So what did you have for lunch? A chicken and salad roll from the Vietnamese bakery down the road. They're really good if you are looking for somewhere to get lunch. And then you left work at about 5 o'clock? Yes. And you went to bed? Yes. So what did you have for dinner? Fish fingers with vegetables. What time did you go to bed? About 7.30. And what time did you go to bed? He went to bed about 8.30 last night. And then did you watch? Yes I did. I watched my favourite show at the moment, Crownies on the ABC. And then you went to bed? Oh actually I would have gone to bed later because that starts at 9.30, sorry I must have gone to bed after that 10.30. Yes. They used to be on at 8.30 but they changed, they put it back an hour because the slap is on at the moment. So I'm just getting the time confused. So what did you do last Sunday? I can't remember. I think we just potted around the house. We potted around the house and then we went to the gym at 4.30 and did a dance class. And then went to Ronald McDonald House because my husband's nephew is getting treatment and he's staying at Ronald McDonald House so we had dinner over there. What time did you go? 8.30 on Sunday night. So I'm just going back to yesterday. So you got up at about 6.30? No 7.30. And you had some cereal? 7.30. No I had a shake, I had a protein shake. And your boy had cereal? No he had poached egg and bacon with toast. Does he ever eat scrambled eggs? Oh we've cooked them, he doesn't like scrambled eggs so hopefully he will in the future but at the moment no. So then you got your boy ready and went over to the 6.30 and you got into work at about 8.30? No 9. Your colleague said that you got into work. What do you say about that? Well I'd love to have an extra half hour on my flex sheet but I actually know it was 9 o'clock, she must be mistaken. Is there any way you can verify? Yeah I can, I mean I would have to get them to check my pass I suppose if it was that important. Because there was an incident that occurred in your building at 8.30 yesterday morning. Right. Are you aware of that? No. There was some items stolen from a bag. Oh right. And someone had given us gin which smacked you as you were removing the wallet from the bag. I see. What do you say about that? Well I wasn't here at 8.30, what time was that at? About 8. Well I was definitely here at 9. So you didn't come in? No. Ok so what time did you have lunch? About 12.30. Ok and you had sandwich for lunch? No a chicken and salad roll. Chicken salad roll. Yes. And was that from the local? It was from the, there's a Vietnamese bakery on Charles Street. I've had it there. A colleague of mine went down there and he bought me a roll there. So you left work at about 4pm? No 5, 5 o'clock. Ok and then you went up to the gym where you did a one on one training? No I did go to the gym but I did a cycle class that started at 5.30. Ok how long did that go? 45 minutes. So that started, you then left? Yeah around, after the class, so I probably left the gym at 20 past 6. Ok and then you walked up? Yes. How long did that take? About 10 minutes. Just on Villiers Street at North Parramatta. And then you went home? Yes. And you prepared dinner? Yes. Did you go to the shops at all? I did stop yes, at Spar Supermarket on the way home. Do you remember travelling along? No, Smith Street. Which ones? Smith Street, Spar, down Arthur Phillip isn't it? Yeah no I didn't go that way because my car was parked up at North Parramatta so no, I would have been, that would have been backtracking so no. Ok and then you prepared dinner and you had some salmon and veggies? Fish fingers and vegetables. And you had that at about 6 o'clock? No, that was around, let me think, sorry, that was between 7.30, well by the time I got home that was all, you know, saw my husband and got things organised, we ate between 7.30 to 8, around 7.30, 8 o'clock. Ok and then you watched show on the ABC? Well later on in the evening I did watch Crownies, yes. At about 8.30? No I thought it was, it was 9.30, it was on at 9.30. Ok so you didn't go to bed at 9.30? No, I couldn't have, I would have gone later. Ok, I've just got some other here for you. Sure, ok. What is your name? No comment. What is your address? No comment. What is your date of birth? No comment. What is your favourite colour? No comment. Today's Saturday? No comment. Do you know Fred? No comment. Where were you last Wednesday? No comment. Do you have a driver's licence? No comment. Do you live in Sydney? No comment. What car do you own? No comment. Are you meeting with Mary? No comment. Do you own a dog? No comment. Is it raining? No comment. Do you own a motor? No comment. Do you meet Anthony Smith? No comment. How many keys do you have keyring? No comment. Does your email? No comment. Who is your favourite? No comment. Can you speak? No comment. The grass? No comment. Where did you have lunch? No comment. What did you have for breakfast? No comment. Did you drive your car to work? No comment. Sydney and New South Wales? No comment. Is Melbourne in? No comment. Is Brisbane in Queensland? No comment. Is Lumber in? No comment. Is your favourite colour? No comment.