 Oh well I got up around 7 o'clock and went to the toilet, then had a shower, then had some breakfast. I left home at about quarter to eight and arrived at work at quarter past eight and then did my daily tasks. Had lunch around one o'clock, someone at work popped out and got me some lunch. I left work at quarter past five and went to the gym for an hour and then walked up the road to get my car and then went home and then cooked dinner and went to bed at about 10.30. Yes, I had a protein shake with some berries thrown in flavour. Quarter to eight, yes, by the time, door to door, it's about half an hour. That's right. That's correct. I have a, my sister lives up the road so she has a visitor's permit so it's a fair walk though. It's at North Parramatta so it's about a 10, 15 minute walk. Well 15 minute walk really. So you got in at 15. That's correct, yes. I actually had lunch at my desk at one o'clock. A chicken and salad roll. I know it was one o'clock because a fellow comes in, he works in my office and he's so nice, every day he comes in and asks, he goes and collects our lunch. But he came in at 12 o'clock and we were all starving and he didn't come back until one o'clock so we were all sitting there, you know, where is he, where is he? So that's why I know it was one o'clock. And then you work. That's five minutes. Correct, that's correct. Let me think. I went to Elizabeth Farm on Sunday afternoon for just afternoon tea and then I was going to go to the gym again but I didn't end up going because it didn't feel like it. No, and then just potted around the house, that was about it, Sunday afternoon. And Saturday, yeah, just did some gardening. Oh, actually now I should have remembered this, I got new grass put down on Saturday morning, new turf put down so that was exciting. He arrived pretty early, about 7.30 on Saturday morning so he was there for a few hours. So yeah, I've got to water that every day, the grass, for about a week. Can't stand on it for about a week. Yeah, but no, apart from that, yeah, didn't know any plants, just looking after the ones I've got. Not at the weekend, no. Did you do any grocery shopping? Yeah, I would have, yeah. I do that nearly every day. So yeah. 8.15. Well, I got in at 8.15. Well, my flex time sheet reflects that I got in at that time. I always fill out my flex time sheet when I arrive. Apart from that, someone else at work might be able to confirm the time I was there. Do you have to leave? Yes, yes, no. Well, having said that, if someone needs to pop to the toilet and they don't have theirs, yes, I do. They might say, I haven't got my pass, can I borrow yours? Sure. No, I've never ever been told that. Very rarely, I would say in the time I've worked here, I have probably only on a handful of occasions done that. Yeah, I did. Well, I was here at 8.15. I can only, I mean, I don't know. I can't. Maybe there's something wrong with the system. Maybe it doesn't work properly because I was here at 8.15. Well, the security company had better access at the time. Okay. What about CCTV footage? Would they be able to access that? We've actually had the time sheet show you. I was sure it was 8.15. Maybe I'm, look, I was sure I was here at 8.15. So is there anyone in? Well, I'm just trying to think who was there because I work in a little room off the main floor. I'd have to, I pretty much was, no one seemed to be around when I arrived at work. Okay, so then you, you mentioned earlier, you were quite hungry. Are you aware of that? No. You've received money. Oh, is that right? Okay. Interesting. Yes. I just said I'm starving. I've been waiting an hour. I wouldn't classify that as being abusive. So is he? No, it isn't. He's, I actually, um, you know, I'm very grateful that he does it nearly every day. So I would never, you know, be rude to him about it because I know that he was such a stinking hot day yesterday. That, uh, it was nice for him to offer. So I don't understand why they would say I was abusive. Whoever said that must have some other ulterior motive for doing so. So, um, had lunch? No, 5.15. Gym? I did a class. A fitness, yeah. Aerobic? Cycle. Um, you then walked, car, drove? No, I just drove straight home. Straight home? Yeah. Um, did you park your car? On the street. Yes. Do I, sorry? At home I do. Yes. Yes. So then you went in, prepared dinner. Oh, sorry. Sorry. I thought you meant where I was parking. My, I just parked in the driveway at home. Yes. Um, so, um, oh, for dinner I had, um, a Greek salad with, it's this, I got it out of travel, Gourmet Traveler magazine. Great recipe. Um, with rice, their rice, which is sort of like couscous. And um, and then chicken that was in the oven for slow cooked for about four hours. So my sister kindly made that and gave me some of it. So yeah, I made the salad. She did the, she slow cooked the chicken in advance. No, sorry. Cause my mother lives next door, Jimmy. So she did it in her oven and brought it over. Oh, okay. Yeah. No. And so um, you went. Oh, ten for let, around ten I think. Sure. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment promise? No comment. NO comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.