 Thursday, Thursday, it would have been easier today. Now, Thursday I got up and did some exercises at home. Then went with my son to see his daughter at somewhere. I stayed there for a while, while I was waiting for him to finish, I was just doing some reading of a magazine. Sorry, listened to the radio, and then we drove home. I had a shower, had something to eat, and then came into work. How much do you tell me? I got into work about 1 o'clock in the afternoon, then went to a meeting with the boss. Then I spoke to some of my colleagues to see where they were up to with what they were doing. Then did some of my own work at work. Later in the afternoon we did some covert operations at work. Then I worked until about 11 o'clock, or 20 past 11. I was doing some presentations for somebody who was going to take them away today to use. I worked until about 20 past 11, drove home, had something to eat, watched a bit of TV, and basically went to bed. No, didn't have time. I had a choice, breakfast or exercise, and I thought I'd do the exercise and have something to eat when I come home. A couple of sandwiches, leftover cold sausages and pepper steak sauce. About 20 to 1. Not specifically, no. I had some nuts and a bit of fruit. A kiwi fruit, and a mandarin, and a bit of orange. Time of night, probably only about 15 minutes. Lemon chicken pasta. It was unforgettable. No, the show was called that, it's not that I've forgotten. Just take the ads out, probably about 40, 45 minutes. It would have been about 1 o'clock. It's about 7.30ish, other way around. Sunnersea's daughter. Yes, about two hours. Just the radio. Magazine, yep. Yes, cold sausages and sandwich. No, it's a car. I drove to work. No, they'd be mistaken. Just after 1. He's got a memory like a goldfish, but probably. Yeah, just for the investigators, just going through some of the cases. Yep. Just some, what do you call them? Almonds. Almonds, yeah, and done. Kiwi fruit, mandarin, and a bit of orange. No, no, they were just loose in a container. 11.20, no. We did some COVID investigations online, and then I was working on some presentations. No, drove home. It's not Foxtel, but it was recorded through Foxtel, yes. Yes, that's right, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and I recorded it. Unforgettable, yeah, tape version. No, it's a series, an hour series each Thursday, I believe. No, about one. No. Answer, no comment. Oh, okay. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.