 Okay, alright. I got up and I... If it was me, I'd say I got up and went to work. If it was my wife, she'd say I got up, stood up, I went to the toilet. I fed the cats. I opened the kitchen... I said the laundry window, which is their method of ingress and egress, and let them out. I went back and had a chat to my wife. It was very smoky yesterday morning, so we discussed that. I then had a shower. I got my daughters out of bed. Well, she went out of bed. The other one was already up. She gets up first to watch a Scooby-Doo and a trance. The other one sleeps longer and then gave her a kiss to say goodbye and she wanted a lift, so I put her down in the lounge room. I went and had a shower, chatted, changed, dressed. Drive to work. I left... Actually, yesterday morning was bad because there was a broken-down truck on Penrhills Road, so it took me much longer to get to work than normal. Arrived about half-eight. Read the day's events and our news and our system. Then engaged in various conversations with some colleagues about our promotions process we're going through at the moment, which is a source of great debate and discussion. I then walked down to the Vietnamese bakery with my colleague and got some nice pork rolls for lunch. We then went and had the rolls for lunch. And after that, I did some more duties. Then I went over to the shopping centre and claimed some money from NIB. Bought some swimming goggles for my daughters for the swimming lesson tomorrow afternoon and a DVD from J.B. Hi-Fi, the latest Harry Potter movie. And went back to work, then travelled home, got a barbecue chicken and salad, took my wife to netball, did some homework with the... I fed my daughters, had a little bit of homework with them, picked my wife up from netball, put the girls to bed. I started doing some ironing and some laundry, tucked my wife into sleep after having a discussion about promotion stuff and moving. Then ironed some clothes, watched Top Gear and went to bed. 11.10pm. I did barbecue chicken. Chuck O'Charley's at Wurrunga. It was at 6.20pm, 6.20am. Yes, yes, company car. I parked downstairs in the building. I left home at 7.10pm and arrived at 8.30pm. Normally it's a 35 to 40 minute trip if I leave before 7.15pm because 7.15pm is the witching hour on Penrhyn Hills Road. It's all the Central Coast folks catch up. But as I turned the corner onto Penrhyn Hills Road, traffic was stopped at a point where there would normally never be a backup. And I found out that there was a broken down truck at City View Road, which was about five kilometres away, and three loads of traffic stopped as a result of one truck. And then that fed into the later hour, peak hour anyway, and then it took me an hour and ten to get to work, where normally it takes me 35 to 40 minutes. And the traffic, that's Sydney traffic for you. That's fine. So if I go to Dunilukwin, which I might be going to, there'll be no traffic. Dunilukwin. Yeah, yes. I had lunch at 12.15pm. I finished work at 4.40pm. I had 1pm. They did? Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2. No, Jimmy Goggles. Pear and a Green Pear. No, from JB Hi-Fi. Yeah, I did. Went back to work. It would have been about 1.45pm. No, 4.40pm. No, I got the Funchucko Charlie's at Wurrunga. Yeah, yes, I did. It was a Bocconcini and something or other. No, no, I went out at 6.20pm. I took my wife to netball at 10 past six. So I got home at about 20 to six at 5.40pm. Drove my wife to netball at 10 past six. Came back, fed the girls at 20 past six. Did them with them. Then we went back out at 7.30pm and picked her up again. Or 7.25pm, I think we actually left. Picked up 7.30pm. Back, listened to my oldest daughter read Charlie and the Taco Factory. Took them in the bed. And, well, the little one first, then the big one. I think there was unfortunately about 8.30pm, which is later than I prefer. But that's just with all the homework and stuff. Now the reading, it takes too long. Then, yeah, did some domestic duties and laundry, because I'm the sort of guy that I am. Contribute to the greater good. No, it's all in the laundry was stuff that had already been completed. It was in the dryer. I put on two loads of washing in the washer. It's all been piling up because it hasn't been folded and put away. So the folding and foldables, underpants and swimmers and those sort of things. And then I identified a pile for ironing, which I put aside. And then ironed that whilst I was watching The Gruin Planet. And then Top Gear. No, Top Gear. No, 11.10pm, 6.20pm. No, I fed the cats. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, I'm ambivalent towards dogs. Yes, as a child. I have two. No, it's the laundry window. Yes, no. Space is too small and we put a bar in place that's too small for all but the smallest monkeys to get through. Now, if a burglar has a trained monkey to get through and open the doors to admit people, I think they've outsmarted us. No, I don't. Not that I acknowledge. No, I drove a work car and got into work at 8.30pm. It was a Breggnan truck. No, I got pork rolls in a Vietnamese bakery. Yes, that's right. There's a swipe card on the access point which accesses the boom gate to the car park and then the subsequent swipe accesses from the lift into the office. So it's quite a readily identifiable audit trial plus there's video on supporting those swipe cards as well. They're notoriously inept at changing over from daylight savings so the times are incorrect. It's one hour from the normal time. No, they're notoriously unreliable, that company. There's been quite some concerns about their standards being expressed to us. We have no confidence that they're accurate. I made a purchase. To JB Hi-Fi. I bought the Blu-ray. What did I do? No, it's in my office. They have Netball. She says Netball for 1 hour. Robert Anthony Critchlow And no comment Fred. I said that comment. No comment.