 I first woke up at, well I first was woken up at 3am when my wife woke up to go to Melbourne. Then she got ready and then woke me up again at 4 o'clock when she was actually leaving the house. I then got out of bed and helped her with the suitcase down to the front gate. That's a sort of personal name. Loaded the taxi, into a taxi. Then went back to bed, took me half an hour to go back to sleep. Then hit the snooze button four times and got out of bed at, I think quarter to eight when I should have been earlier. Yeah. I was dropping off the kids to school yesterday so I had a slower start. So then I took my daughters, now I got out of bed, prepared my daughters for the day, gave them some breakfast. No I didn't give them breakfast actually. No I took them, I dressed them, took them to speech pathology. My youngest daughter goes to speech. Then we got some breakfast from the bakers, nice fresh rolls. Took them to school. Then I came to work. At ten o'clock I went and saw my boss and discussed some things with him. Then I went to Japanese for lunch with my colleagues. Then I left the office at 2.30 and picked up my kids from school, took them home, fed them, bathed them, put them to bed, watched half a movie, then went to sleep. Then I was woken up by my wife again at midnight when she got home from the Crown Casino from her junk at night out. She wanted to discuss all the scandal of the day. Then I went to sleep. I went to bed at quarter to nine. Well entered bed at quarter to nine. Seven. I had shake and bake chicken legs. Shake and bake, you put on your chicken legs and you put them in a bag and you fill it full of spice and you shake it all around so it gets an even coating and you cook it for 45 minutes. Then you've got Portuguese style chicken legs. Shake and bake. It's great. The kids had chicken fingers and chips. Yeah, like nuggets, but long skinny nuggets. I got home at 4.30. No, 2.30. That's right, one. I had yakisoba. Yakisoba? Japanese noodles. Seafood. Very toasty. I got to work at half past nine. I drove my car. My company car. Yes I did. I went to the sports craft outlet store at Redfern and the police centre and then back to my house. Great. No. Clothing. It's nice clothing. Waterloo, to be precise. I know the name of the street. Near Waterloo Oval. No. Yes. No. Not much. I would say pretty much indoors. We had an indoor day, but I took my youngest daughter to a birthday. We went to the neighbours place for a weekend gathering. Neighbourhood little party thing. Had lunch there. Then I took my youngest daughter to a birthday party. I did some shopping and I picked up my youngest daughter again and then we went back to home. Thornley Shopping Centre. Yep. The small one. Woolworth. Chesin come home and it was still away. Yeah. She got back to the hotel room and then rundering me up and telling me all about the weather that day. Yep. Yes. Midnight. I was pleased. I was pleased. Had the shakes. No it was 3am. No about 4. 7.45. No we went to the speech pathologist. Half an hour. Yes. About 9.30. That's right. No we got breakfast at a bakery. No we got a cheese and bacon bun and a croissant. Yes. A treat. No we went out at 12.30 and got back at 1. No. No just a lunch. Just a meal. No Japanese noodles. Yeah it's a paramedic. No Japanese. Yep. 2.30. Yes. I drove a work car to pick the kids up. That's right. Chicken fingers. Chicken legs. Well they're chicken legs. Duck legs would be nice. I like duck. Yeah really good. Portuguese. What's that? No no not before. I had barbeque. I went like a honey barbeque or something once before which was nice. No. That'd be nice though. Oh we'll give it a go. 8.45. I did. I watched a movie called Lord of War. No it's a video. DVD. Yes. Optus to be precise but it's fed by oxen. It's provided by Optus but it's actually a fox tail feed. Yep. Yeah it's probably the primary home viewing. No. I entered bed at 8.45. I probably went to sleep about a quarter to 10. Probably at 9.45. No I was listening to a podcast on iPhone. It does a little bit of a lot but I've got a 64 gig now so. But when I had a 16 gig I used to have to recycle. You'd keep probably 10 at a time with a few different podcasts. Because the ones I was listening to were about an hour long so it managed to have a bit of space. You keep recycling them. If you set your iTunes settings to sync only the 10 most recent it keeps it up to date and you don't fill up with all the old ones you've heard already. Podcasts are, it's like a magazine show with people speaking so it's an audio program. It's like a radio show on a specific topic. I listen to sceptical ones and they discuss science and reason and critical thinking and so forth. There's two I like particular ones, or three I like particular ones. One's a panel show, one's a particular book that investigates pop culture critically. Like he doesn't sit there to debunk but often debunks pop culture and whatever else and mythology. And the other one's a guy that just, he's a sceptic but he's also a musician and it's just a bit of him freelancing for about an hour. A bit of comedy and music and all sorts of things. Because it's hard to read in bed with my wife she keeps her awake so I listen to a podcast instead of reading. I'll listen to a podcast in bed, bit fancier. A little bit, but not too bad. You're good to same sort of thing so you just relax and so it's good. It's good for when you're going to a drive and there's nothing on the radio. Play a podcast through the stereo in comment, like, comment, like, comment, like, comment, like, comment, like, comment, like, Not coming, not coming.