 Okay, I got up early yesterday, alarm went off at 4am and I hit the snooze button and got out of bed at 4.10am. I had a shower and drove to Waverley Police Station where I met my team and we had a quick briefing and some preparations and then went to an address in Penkerville Street, Bondi where we executed a search warrant and locked up a blackmailer slash extorter for some crime that we allegedly committed and whilst we were searching the house we found some evidentiary items. We found a piece of paper with a phone number on it belonging to the victim, alleged victim. We found correspondence from a co-accused and we found half an ounce of cocaine and we found a replica pistol and we found some clothing and all those items were evidentiary towards the charge. After that warrant was finished I ran across the road because it was pouring rain, hopped in my car, went to Una's at Darlinghurst, had a big breakfast and a cup of coffee and read the Herald and I came back to the office and attended to some bits and pieces, nothing particularly exciting. Well then I performed some important tasks and discussed the outcomes of the day's events. Then in the afternoon, I can't remember what I did. Oh, I went to the Richmond Leadership College and delivered a talk on the process of logical thinking and strategic planning. I arrived there at about 3.20 and spoke until about 5.20, which time I drove home down the M2 motorway and funnily enough where the Charlie Chicken's a good takeaway because it was a week later, Thursday night shot, or Wednesday night chicken night and took the food home to my family and had dinner. I had a fairly early night in the bed because I'd been up all day doing stuff. That was my day. I hopped in initially at 8.20pm, then got up because the garbage needed to go out and then we realised we had no cat food or cat litter so I went to Coles, or Woolworths actually, I went to Woolworths and I bought some necessary items and then by the time I got back to bed it was 10pm. Yes, I did. I did, yes I did. I had a salad roll with turkey and mashed egg on a turkey spread roll, which I toasted in the sandwich press. I did, that's right. Sausages, potato, the cod rosti was like a proper hash brown, all shredded potato, all cooked up, and some scrambled eggs and some bacon and a tomato and two pieces of toast. It was very nice. Yes. What would have been, about 11? I left the office at half two. I do. Yes. No, that's not right. 4am. No, that's not right. Yes. No, that's not right. No. Yes. That's incorrect. Yes, that's right. That's right? That's incorrect. Well, part of it is, but I didn't go into Oxford Street, I crossed over Oxford Street, went down through Double Bay and up to Victoria Road, Victoria Street. That's right. Sausages, scrambled eggs, and I think the official name was a rosti, a potato dish. I think it's a proper European thing, which I think has been bastardised by McDonald's into a little thing called a hash brown. It was like a shredded potato which had been cooked and then rolled and then cooked in a pan, so it had a crispy outer layer and it was soft and warm inside and it was like a loose cake. It was quite nice, I recommend it to you. Yes. That's not true. Well, I don't know I could do at 11. I made a phone call from my office phone at 11.05 after I returned to my desk. And do you? I did. I did. No, obviously the system's incorrect. I've got no way of knowing that, but I swiped a card at 11am. But I saw a security guard in the way and gave him a wave. And I saw my boss when I walked back in, discussed the results of the day, then returned to my desk. Unlikely he'd remember. It's a lot of volume of people coming and going. No, it was later than that. It was about one o'clock. No, it was turkey and salad on a Turkish bread roll. No, that's incorrect. No, it did. Or northwest to be precise. No, on strategic thinking. Two hours. No, the M2. Yes, that's correct. That's right. Occasionally. It was worse, for sure. I'd give it a 10. Yep. No comment.