 What did I do yesterday? I had him to work. If you could start, try and give me as many decaf. Okay. So, am I utilising 10 minutes to tell you what I did yesterday? Well, I'll do the prompts. Okay. So you just start. So, when I got up, I think I just brushed my teeth, washed my face, got dressed, and then prepared some breakfast and put it in a container and poured some milk. And then I got a lift into work. And then I went straight up to the office and put down my stuff at my desk and went and got a spoon and logged into the computer, the internet, checked my emails, waited for my cereal to get soggy, yeah, softer, and then read any emails I had. And then over the course of the day, just periodically worked on statements I had. And then any other jobs that I picked up. And I think I stopped for morning tea and had cheese and crackers. And then at lunchtime, I think I went and toasted Turkish roll and put a tin of tuna on that. And then in the afternoon, just kept going with more latent work. And I got a phone call in the afternoon from my real estate agent who told me that I've, because I'm moving out of my place, he said, I forgot to include, I forgot to hand in the mailbox key. So I said, oops, sorry about that. And I have to get that to them and then kept going with work. And then the day pretty much finished there. I waited for my lift. And then there was about a, say, 10-minute trip home. And then I think it was pretty much starting to rain and quite gloomy. Started to think about dinner, watch TV. And then I got a phone call from the real estate agent again saying, I forgot to collect some clothes from my drawer. And I said, oops, I'll have to come and collect them. And at the same time, I'll drop off this key. And they also said, well, there are other issues, like the carpet's not completely clean around the edges. And I said, well, I got the carpet steam cleaned by the people who you recommended. So you can't complain. It's not my issue. And then I also, they also said, well, we're not really happy with the shower. It seems to be dirty grout and silicon. And I said, well, I scrubbed extremely hard. And you might note that on the inspection form when I moved into the place, there was dirty grout and silicon. And it seems to be ingrained. And it can't be scrubbed out. In any event, I have to go back there today and collect my clothing from this one drawer and hand in my key. And hopefully, I'll get all my bond back. Yes. And what time did you go? Last night. Oh, it must have been about a quarter past 9. So you said that you got up, at what time did you get up? Yesterday, I would have got up about 4.30. And what time do you start work? 6 a.m. And you got a lift? Yeah. Do you ever catch the train in? Yes. But yesterday, you didn't. That's right. Do you ever get a bus in? No. So when you catch the train in, how long does the train trip? Train trip goes for about 20 to 25 minutes. So when you got into work yesterday at 6 a.m., is there any way you can verify what time you started yesterday? Well, from the roster, we have to get ourselves signed on roster. So that means you can't just initial it? No, someone else who's present. So it's like essentially a witness. And a colleague of yours has told me that you say that. Well, I would say that that's not the case. I definitely started, I was definitely at work at about 5.30 a.m. There are several people who saw me there. I ate my cereal, as I mentioned, checked my email. And if the witnesses and the roster weren't good enough to verify that, then the time that I logged on would probably be also supporting evidence. So when you got into work, you had some toast and Vegemite for breakfast? No, no, no. I ate my cereal, which I was softening. Okay. And do you eat Vegemite? Do you like Vegemite? I have it occasionally. Do you like Promite? No. Marmite? No. Okay. And you had lunch at about 1.30 yesterday? More or less. Maybe between 1 and 1.30. Okay. And you had a salmon sandwich? It was tuna on a toasted Turkish roll. Okay. Did you buy that Turkish roll from the cafe next door? No, I didn't. I bought it from the supermarket in a pack of six. Brought it from home. So you've had it here? Yes. Do you eat salmon? Yes, I do. Do you like fresh tuna? Yes, I do. Okay. And you finished work at what time? 4 p.m. And what did you have? Stir fry chicken with vegetables and noodles. Was that takeaway? No, that was cooked at home. And last night you said that you received a phone call from the real estate agent saying that you left some shoes behind in a wardrobe? Yeah, it was socks and underwear. Oh, okay. So you didn't leave your shoes? No, no shoes. And you're hoping to get your bond back? That's right, yep. Okay. And you went to bed at about 10.30? About quarter past nine. Can you just say no comment? Okay, what is your favorite... No comment. What is your date of birth? No comment. What is your... No comment. What is your name? No comment. Is today Saturday? No comment. Do you know Fred Adams? No comment. Where were you last Wednesday? No comment. Do you have a driver's license? No comment. Do you live in Sydney? No comment. What type of car do you own? No comment. Are you meeting with... No comment. Do you own a dog? No comment. Do you own a... No comment. Do you own a boot? No comment. Do you own a motorcycle? No comment. What time did you meet him? No comment. How many keys do you have on your key ring? No comment. What is your email address? No comment. Who is your favorite author? No comment. Can you speak French? No comment.