 Okay, so I got up and at around 5 20 a.m. I went and let the dog out to go to the toilet and then came back in I cleaned my teeth washed my face and put my face cream on. I got dressed and packed my bag. I'd organized food for lunches this week so I packed an extra bag with all the lunches and then drove down to work parked the car at the front of work and got the lift upstairs. Once I got upstairs I logged on to my system because I hadn't been on there for a few days. I said good morning to all of my work colleagues checked my emails and then basically started off assisting my work colleagues with decorating our workstation area and not long after that everybody had a coffee and had a bit of a catch-up about what happened over the weekend. My husband called me he came to pick up the car which was out the front because he just finished night shift and I said good night to him for the day and then we basically myself and my colleagues spent the rest of the day organizing morning tea, sorting out the Christmas decorations and then I attended to computer work until about 3.40 when I had a physio appointment that went for about 45 minutes and then I went to the gym for about an hour and a half where I met my husband. After we went to the gym we drove to the shops got some stuff for dinner. I cooked dinner. I wrapped some Christmas presents and then I went to bed. We had homemade pizza. Yeah, I watched a show on Foxtel. I can't remember the name of it now something like Katie and my beautiful friends something like that. That was it. 10.30? No, yes. Two pieces of raisin toast and a skim cappuccino. Yes. No, no. I started at 6 a.m. A pug. No, it's a she and no I didn't because it was raining. Yes to the dog park. No, but I walked her last week. Yeah. Probably not for about six weeks actually because of the rain. It's been so bad and the days I've had off they've just been pouring down with rain just haven't had an opportunity. Yeah. And you said that you train to work? No, I drove. And when you park at the front? Yeah directly at the front. Yeah. And your husband? No, he works in the city and he got a train from the city to Parramatta and then picks up the car then drives home. No, he met me in at work yesterday and met me at the gym and then we drove home together. Yeah. And what time did you drive? Probably at about 1. So are you in that lunch group? Yes. So this week's your week? It's my week. Do you enjoy doing that? Yeah, I do actually. Yeah, it's good. Cheap. Is it hard doing it? Well, I wouldn't say hard but I mean I spent half of Sunday cooking for it and I thought that would last us for the week. Pretty much lasted us yesterday. So there's only a little bit left over for today. So we had two extras that joined in. So yeah, it's good if you stick to the plan and it's good in that regard. But we're a bit broke at the moment because it's Christmas and I'd sort of budgeted for just the people that are in the lunch club, not everybody else and I didn't really expect everyone to eat as much as they did. So yeah. And what did you cook? I cooked a lovely Asian salad with crunchy noodle. Then I marinated some chicken wings with two types of marinade. And then I did little puff pastry tartlets with olives and egg and feta and mushroom and shallots and garlic. And they were quite nice. Oh my god. Yeah, there's two left and two bits of chicken. What are you going to do today? Well, there's only two of us today. So we're going to have to deal with that. So the two tartlets and the two bits of chicken and then the rest of the salad. Then I'll have to think of something for tomorrow. That's where it becomes, I suppose, a little frustrating but apart from that it is really good. It's quite economical. And what happens if... It's never happened actually. Yeah. But I suppose if they didn't, one of us would just go down the road and go and get something or they'd go and grab something. I remember one day, I don't know what happened but I didn't cook anything the night before because there was only two of us the next day but I shouted us lunch. And then one of the other girls did the same thing as well. On another week just shouted us lunch because there was only two of us. Because on one of the days that falls there's only two of us. So we generally on that day either have leftovers or we shout each other a roll. Oh, it all works out. Yeah, it all works out in the end. Yeah, it's great. Because you don't have to worry about it for one month. So you really only have to worry about it for one week. A bit of a hassle. Yeah, but I mean when I say hassle it only is when you think oh you've cooked enough and then you're like damn I've got to go back and do all that again. But I mean it's worth it and I enjoy it and it's a good group of people and yeah for that whole month you don't have to worry about lunch. That's the beauty of it. And you get something new and exciting every week. Yeah. Yeah, it's good. Share recipes. Oh, hang on. No, no one's got any allergies. There's only one person that doesn't like condiments but they just don't, they choose not to have the condiments. And aside from that everybody else likes pretty much everything. Do you order? No, the majority of us work in my section and then there's one other girl that works in another section. Yeah. Yeah, it's good. So yesterday you got up? 5.20. Nah, because I start at 6. Oh, you start at 6? Every day. And you work? 10. Oh, 10 shifts. Mm, it's good. Okay, and so you had lunch at 12 o'clock yesterday? 1 o'clock. And this lunch group, is that always? No, it's probably generally around 12, 12, 30 but one of the girls that has lunch had to go across to Westfields and go and get some stuff. So yeah, and we had a morning tea so we were quite full. Oh, okay. Yeah. And drove to, how long? Of an afternoon from home to Parramatta. Um, sorry, yep. Oh gosh, 10 minutes? Oh. Yeah, 15 minutes? At that hour of the morning, it doesn't take long at all. Yeah, so when you were driving in your morning, were you in your car? Yes, our car. So it's registered? Uh, that's a good question. I think it's registered in my husband's name actually but it's our car, we have a car that we share. So, if it doesn't take long, is it? Yeah, I would have, yeah. So on the way in, you were saying... No. Was it raining? No, it wasn't actually. Information that a vehicle wreckage might be involved. Right, nothing to do with us. You don't remember? No. Do you remember feeling... No, not at any stage actually. It's quite a smooth run. Other than stopping, did you stop at any one? No. Are you aware that... I don't even know where Hassel Street is. I wouldn't know if I'd go on Hassel Street, I'm not sure if I'd go along it, I'm not sure where it is. So unless I knew where it was, I don't know if there are safety cameras there. Oh, okay. Yeah. Well, we viewed the footage, the safety footage. Yeah. It shows where the vehicle... It's not me. No, no, I didn't stop at any stage. So you said that you started at 6.30, isn't it? Yes, actually, because I met with one of the girls who got a lift from one of her friends yesterday morning at the same time, and she helped me carry the lunch upstairs. Yeah. So that was pretty good. Yeah, it was, yeah. Okay, so had some toast and vegetables? No, I had raisin toast and a skim cappuccino. And any morning tea? No, we had our morning tea, our annual Christmas morning tea. Had a few bits and pieces at that. So yeah, that was, I can't remember, that was around about 10. Did you actually get involved? Yes, we lost. Yeah. Did you have fun putting the Christmas tree up? Yeah, we did. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We had lots of fun. Yeah. There was, there was actually two nativity scenes. Yeah. And I believe, well, I don't believe, but I know that one of those groups that had the nativity scene won. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah, I hadn't. Yeah, yeah. Quite interesting, a bit creative. Yeah. Yeah. So after work, you were a physio. Yes. And you went and saw your gym? No, I met my husband at the gym. Yeah, yes. No. Yeah, yeah. Sometimes. Not often. I can't remember the last time I shopped at Franklin's. That's where we shopped yesterday. And when you got home, you ordered? No, homemade pizza. Your mates? Yes. And you went to bed at? 10.30. Yeah, sure. What is your favorite color? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Where were you last? No comment. A driver? No comment. Do you live in Sydney? No comment. What car do you own? No comment. Have you met with Mary Phillips? No comment. Do you own a dog? No comment. Do you own a pony? No comment. Do you own a motorcycle? No comment. Do you own a car? No comment. What time did you meet Anthony Smith? No comment. How many keys do you have? No comment. What's your email address? No comment. Where did you have lunch? No comment. What did you have for lunch? No comment. Do you drive your car to work? No comment. What do you shop for? No comment. When was the last time you shopped? No comment.