 I got up at 6 o'clock and had a shower and checked on my boys. I think one was still in bed. And then went downstairs, made some breakfast and ate that. So exciting that I can't even remember what I had. And then I got in the car. I read something on the computer. I got in the car and drove to the station and got a train and came into work. And started working on a document that I'd been working on for a while. A few days. Just got it up to date. In fact, we finished it yesterday, so that was good. And handed it to the boss and the boss was checking it. So that was the morning. What else did I do? I went to a meeting and discussed some new initiatives that the squad is contemplating. And that was quite interesting. Someone stood up in the middle of the meeting and shouted, shame, Barry, shame, about all the protests that are going on at the moment. So we all told him to sit down and behave himself. And then we all went out to lunch. It was a bit of a team lunch. It was quite nice. And went to a local restaurant. And one or two people drank too much, so they weren't allowed to come back to work. And then we came back and got on with the rest of the afternoon. Left work at about seven o'clock and went home. And helped my wife make the dinner. And fed the kids. And I think the boys had a bath or a shower, I'm not sure. And got in their pyjamas and went to bed. They went to bed. And I sat and watched telly for a while with my wife. And then I think we went to bed at about 11.30. About 7.30, beef stroganoff with rice. I helped my wife. I got home and helped her make it. Watched a DVD, Midsummer Murders, and my wife bought it. She quite likes Inspector Barnaby. Yeah, so we watched that. I think watched the news when I first got home, just to see what was happening. I got in at 8.30. Yeah, we went to this restaurant. Had yum cha. It was very nice. And I didn't have any alcohol. Just had yum cha. About 1.30 I did. Yeah, it was cereal. It was cornflakes. Now that I think about it, cornflakes and milk. Nothing else. No, I drove to the station and got a train. So I drove the car to the station, parked the car at the station and got a train in. No, giving up on the buses. Yeah, I just think the drivers got too much attitude, unfortunately. The drivers, this particular bus company, they got too much attitude and I just said, can't be bothered. About 7, 7 in the morning to drive. Yeah, about 5 minutes. About an hour and 15. Yeah, yep. No, we probably went at about 12.30. And then I came back at 1.30. No, the whole team. Everyone that was in the meeting. Yum cha. No, it's not. No, it's Chinese. No, no, no. I didn't. I think I got home at 7pm. Yeah. So I probably left work at about 6. No, no, it's a bit late actually. But you know, I sort of thought, well, we've been in the meeting and we went out to lunch. So it sort of makes sense that I work a bit later. Yeah, yeah, we do. Home, through the door. At home? No. Yeah. I just park it wherever I can get a spot. About 7.30. Peep stroganoff. No, not quite. We watched a DVD of Midsomer Murders. It was quite good. I enjoyed that. About 11, I think. Not last night, I didn't. No. Yes. No. No, I think I left work at 6 that night, last night. Yeah, about that. Depends on the train. Some are quicker than others. Some are all stops and some are skip stations, so it moves quicker. Yeah, it was a, yeah, more of an express. Yeah, it stops. Yeah, about that. Well, just after 6. Yes. No, nothing. Train trips are utterly boring. First one? No. No. Oh, yeah, reasonably. No. Sorry? No, I didn't. No. Oh, that doesn't happen on the train. No. People don't swear. No. No. Had no reason to. Don't have an iPod. I read a book. No. Oh, if there was yelling, I would have heard it, yes. Yeah. Upper floor? Yeah. No. Yeah, I seem to remember it actually was a bit of commotion. I just thought, you know, kids or someone with an attitude problem, just, you know. Not that I noticed. No. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. I mean, I can't go to the stations, you know, and tell fibs. That's up to them. Yeah, I came through the gate down the front door and my swipe card here at the door and I logged on on the computer. Yeah, I reckon there's something wrong with their clock on their system because I've had these accusations before and I'm just not happy about it. So I'm going to lodge a formal complaint. Okay. No, I don't agree. And no, I came in at 8.30. I can, you know, we can, my wife said I left the house at this time and I went to the station and I put my ticket through the gate at the station. That could be checked. It's all automated. Yeah. I disagree with the the accusation. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment,