 Mmm, got up, I had a cup of coffee, no sorry, I had two cups of tea, got ready for work, came to work, what did I do? Then I did work, and then I went home and I ate a chicken Caesar salad and had a James Squire beer and mucked around on my computer for a bit, and then I went to bed and I listened to The Cure, I think, on an iPod, yep. Well I have to set three alarms because I notoriously sleep through them all, so my first alarm goes at 6am, my second alarm goes at 6.20, and my third alarm goes at 6.30 and I think I got up shortly after that. Um, no, just my cups of tea, but I brought a muesli bar to work which I ate during the morning. Mmm, no, I don't usually have breakfast, yes I do, no, I'm not a pro-mite eater, but I don't have Vegemite on toast for breakfast, I'll usually have it on a weekend mate, for a sort of brunchy lunch kind of thing, no. I'm not sure I've ever even tried Pradenoit or Marmite, I don't know whether I like them or not then. I walk, about two minutes, I've got a place across the road, though it's not really my home, it's just a place I have for work purposes. My real home is in Goulburn, I've only managed to get down there about twice this year. In my mind, the Goulburn place is my home, whereas this is just somewhere I stay. Yep, yes, 9 o'clock I start. I usually have lunch about, no, I do remember what I did yesterday. Sam and I had to go into the city because we had to deliver an exhibit into town, so we went to the Sydney Police Centre. We left here at 11.40, I drove into the SPC and we went to Surry Hills Exhibit and I booked up the exhibit and then I had to go up and see Sydney Crime Scene people about what was going to be done with the exhibit, so I spoke to them and then they told me what had to be done with it, so we sorted all that out. And then Sam and I went to the Downing Centre to deliver some witness expense forms and then we drove back Parramatta and I had lunch when I got back here, which was I think about 3.30. I was a bit hungry by that stage, yes. I bought a toasted Turkish ham and cheese thingamy and I had a bottle of Coke with it and it was pretty good. About 6.30 I think it was, maybe a bit after. Is that what that is? No, no, I think we're on a nine hour shift there. Yes, I do, unless there's some operational need for me to start earlier. I find that suits me and a lot of other people start early because they find that that suits them to battle the traffic, but as I don't have to worry about that, I start at nine. It is about, if I left here at 6.30, I would have been home by about 6.33. Yeah, I think I turned on the news, which is what I usually do, watch the ABC News and then I usually watch a 7.30 report and then I had dinner, knocked around on my computer and went to bed. I was a bit weary yesterday, so I think I was in bed by about 10.30. Can you stop my colleague outside, she's distracting me by doing funny dances and pulling faces at me. Yeah, about. No, no, I think it was a bit after 6.30, sorry. Fine question and one that gets asked of me quite regularly. I like to take my time and have my cups of tea and read the news on my computer and essentially try and wake up, get my brain functioning before I get to work. That usually takes a while. Look, are you going to caution me or not? Because I've had a gut full of those allegations. I don't want to participate in this anymore. I've had enough of this bullshit. I wasn't late at all. I'm positive. No, I didn't. I told you I brought a muesli bar to work. I'm so sick of this crap. It was a Carmen's muesli bar and it was original recipe. Yeah, I know. I was driving. Yes, I was. I drove left out of headquarters and that's Hassel Street and I turned onto James Roost Drive. I went right and then I went left onto the M4 and then I did, what did I do then? And I probably ducked around the back way through Concord and probably went on the City West Link. I don't know. I can't remember. I've been doing it a lot lately, driving in the city. So I've been a bit of a blower. But normally that's the way I go. City West Link and then either, depends where I'm going in the city, either over the Anzac Bridge or up through the back of Glebe there. Everything just hangs out near the coroner's coat. But I swear, that light wasn't red. Oh, I don't know. I just wanna know who told you that stuff about me starting at 10 o' clock? Don't know. Well, to be honest, there wasn't a problem. I was drunk and everything wasn't alright. Yep. And I know that person's been telling stories about me lately, particularly about my driving, it wasn't a red light. Yeah. They were all over the road. They were coming— I thought they were drunk, to be honest. Know, look that's crap. Do it. All I did was beep the horn and I wound down the window and suggested that it would be best if they kept to the left of the lane. I didn't swear at them at all. No. Ah, I'm not sure. I don't remember seeing any. Ah, yeah, that's right. I remember now. We stopped the car because we thought that they'd had an accident. Yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. So, yeah, it looked like they'd had an accident. You know, there was a bit of skin off, and it was nothing serious at all. So, you know, we just kept going. No, I've already told you I didn't hit the bicycle. No. Fucking right. Can I get an association representative here? Sam, Sam, help! Eh, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Not telling you, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, it's a heap of shit, but no comment. How do you know about Mary? No comment, no comment. Ah, no comment. Who the fuck is Anthony Smith? Comment, fuck do I know? No comment, not telling you, copper. No comment, Peter Carey, no comment. We, no comment, haven't had it yet, because I'm, no comment. We've been through this already, I don't have breakfast. No comment, I don't know how many times I've got to tell ya. No comment, cricket, no comment.