 Okay, yesterday, what day was yesterday? Monday. I got up, had a shower. It's a very similar routine to my everyday. Had a shower. Goodness gracious, it was only yesterday. What did I do? Got up, had a shower, got ready. It's not similar to my normal because the kids are home, it's school holidays. So just got up, got ready, and I went to work and got here early, which was lovely because the kids were being minded by somebody else. And got in before the boss, that's always a good feeling. Oh, Donna, you're here. And then I commenced to read the emails that I'd collected over a whole week that I was away. There was too many, and I was still last night still just getting through the rest of them. So, and then we had morning meetings and then I went back to my emails and then back into another senior management meeting and then kept going and going. I was trying to get the business plan done, trying to get the Christmas period sorted. Got staff, obviously a lot of staff going on leave, so I could try and work out who's still here and who's looking after on call and all that sort of stuff. And I think about 2.33 I had lunch and then I had to organize to get my son to singing practice but then that all got changed and my husband took him to singing practice early and the kids went to my mum's and then my husband came and picked me up after work. So I stayed back an hour extra so I got a lot more work done, which was good. And then went home. I've got friends coming over for tea tonight so I madly cleaned the house last night because you can imagine what it looked like after I wasn't home and the kids had been home all day. And had a massive fight with my husband because in my cleaning mode on Sunday I threw out all picture frames that were sitting behind cupboards but they were photos that were precious to him but I kept the photos but I chucked the frames because they were broken and all the rest of it. And oh God, I'm in the world's worst trouble but yeah, I threw the frames out and they meant so much and because they were sitting behind cupboards more, you know what I mean? Like that's how much they meant. Anyway, it was the end of the world and so I slept on the lounge because I was cranky too by the end of that haranguing. And then yeah, just eventually went to sleep after I calmed down enough and that's pretty much my day. Ooh, I'd say 11.30, 12, close enough. Yes, we had toast with mints and cheese. We went all out. Now that was part of the argument because he bought the kids Maccas and KFC and all the rest of it and spent $80 and they were gone. Then we had mints on, I go, are you serious? And then the night before he'd been giving me a survey about how much money I was spending for Christmas and I said, do you see the hypocrisy? He says, yeah, but I didn't know it cost that much and oh, you can imagine. On and on it went and I just thought, you're hearing me more and I gotta get something that's light and dry. Although I'm sure I could work it out if I had to. Very capable women we are. It was pretty, my best guess would be 10 to seven. I trained, jumped on that rattler. I drove, drove my car, parked at the train station. Yeah, yeah, it's probably about seven, 7.30. Yeah, it was a big day. I wasn't in the mood for an argument, I gotta tell you. I was not in, and the piece de resistance, he picks me up and says the M4's full. Like it's gonna take us ages to get home and I'm thinking, I could have been home two hours ago on the train. But I had to wait for you because you wanted to come pick me up and oh dear, oh dear. But anyway, eventually I got home. It was probably about quarter past eight, 20 past eight. No, I was very silent in the car. So that's, it is a fairly, it's what, a passive aggressive fighting. One other, one other when I got on. Oh, one other at the next station. He got on at the next station. Yeah, I did. No, no. Thought he was a bit odd, this fellow though, cause I'm thinking, it was an empty carriage and he sat right next to me. I'm going, what's that? What is that about? I just thought, come on, you're a bit odd. And like it's really early in the morning. Get your own seat, have a little sleep. Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, no, it was good. No, intermittently, yes. No, his name. Yes, they were at my mum. He dropped them off. Yes, yep, yep. No, no, no, definitely not. Definitely not. I was in the car and there's no way that happened. Definitely didn't see a cyclist, didn't see a collision, nothing like that. Definitely didn't feel a bump. No, it's actually, it's just come back from the repairs, weirdly enough, cause I had an accident probably about three weeks ago. A truck went up the back of it and it's beautiful. Looks spanking new. Oh, closer to 8.15. I cleaned the house after we had tea. I had to clean up the whole house cause it was a big mess. Washing, I didn't do washing. I had mince, was beef mince. No, I haven't. Oh, I might've been in Sancho Bell. Yeah, but otherwise I wouldn't regularly eat pork mince, no. A banana on the train, yes. I love Vegemite. No, I don't like, ew, no, no. Probably closer to, that was later. It's about 11, 11.30, 12, around that time. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment. No comment.