 Okay when I first got up, although it was a little bit raining, I thought bugger that I'm not going here to work today, I'm going fishing. So I went downstairs, made myself a coffee, a bit of toast. I then rang up a friend of mine who had the day off anyway and ran the idea past him and he's we then decided what a great idea. So gone out after I finished my breakfast, had a shower, threw the old fishing gear on, went outside, hooked up the boat to the back of the car, full drive, drove over and picked my friend of mine up. We called in at Woolies on the way to the boat ramp, just grabbed some rolls, a bit of soft drink and a barbecue chuck, a couple of packets of chips for snacks. We then drove down to Wharf Road at I think it's Glass of Clothes for a ride. We then backed the boat up to the ramp, launched the boat. I stayed with the boat and my mate drove up, drove the car back up into the car park where you park the boats and trailers. He then came back down to the wharf, we hopped in and we then slowly started to make our way up the harbour, thinking about where we're going to do a bit of fishing as it was still fairly early in the morning. Sort of just sort of cruised up and having a, as we come up under the bridge watching all the commuters and the ferries and everything and thinking how good is this. We then went around to I'm not too sure of the name of the cove, it's one round from Clifton Gardens. We've sort of dubbed it No Fish Cove. We anchored off there, got ourselves a bit more of a snack and my friend had brought just a half case of the little throw-down beers, so cracked the beer open, got the rods ready. He'd also previously had some bait, a couple of packs of prawns that he had there. We threw the lines in and just started doing a bit of fishing. Not getting anything, so we moved around to what's called Wedding Cake. It's a big market boy in the middle of the harbour. Anchored off there, threw out, got a couple of little brim, nothing spectacular, little snappers. But still it was the fun of doing the fishing. We then moved a bit further down, it started to get a bit blowy, so we've gone to the Parramatta River side of the harbour bridge and we're just off Cockatoo Island. Had a bit of a anchored off there, a bit more to eat. Two, we're just off Cockatoo, a bit more to eat, finish off the rolls and chook and snacks, a bit more fishing, just got a few little tittlers, nothing to sort of ride home over, just having a bit of fun and that pretty much was most of the day. So probably about two-ish, started to head back up, up the river, sort of do a bit of a slow cruise up there, having a look at all the nice yachts and things on the harbour. Although it was raining we had the wet weather gear up on the boat. Headed back to Wharf Road, I've tied off the little wharf that's there, mate jumped out, he went and got the car, brought it back down, put the boat in the back of the trailer. We then headed, started heading home. We stopped at one of those car wash places, we gave the boat the once over with the high pressure washer, just to get all the salt and muck off it. I dropped him home, I then put the boat in the driveway, hooked the what's called the rabbit ears up to the motor to run the fresh water through, and the fresh water through for about 10 or so minutes while the boat idled over. Did that, tidied everything up, put all the gear away and secured the boat, put all the covers back over it and then went inside, had a shower because I smell like fish guts and that was pretty much all the day. Had dinner probably, it was about half past six, quarter to seven. Oh we didn't catch anything worth keeping, we threw it all back. I actually ended up having tomato soup and crusty, I think it's called panna di costa bread with a bit of cream on top of the soup. Watched a little bit of television, although I can't recall what the show was. Oh yes it was about Pearl Harbor on the History Channel, I don't know the name of it. Yes it was. I had a little bit of paperwork to do left over from previous day at work, so I did a little bit of that and probably about until half past ten, eleven o'clock, started to find myself starting to nod a little bit, so I decided time for bed and then went to bed probably about 11-ish, 11.30. It would have been about half past five because that's what time the alarms are normally set for, so yeah I'd say half past five. Yeah just took a rusted leaf day. Yes I did actually, yeah I did feed the cat. No no I just had strawberry jam. Um yes I do. Yes I like pramide as well. Yeah you probably could say that, it's just very different, it depends what sort of mood I'm in, which one I have. They're both there. Never had it, never tried it. Yes we did. Uh no he doesn't, no. Oh without actually looking at my watch it normally takes roughly about 45 minutes by the time you hook the boat up, make sure everything's secure, make sure you've got all your fishing gear. So I would have probably said about quarter quarter seven, seven a.m. because I still remember there was a fair bit of traffic. I thought we might have just beat the peak hour. Um so if I left my place at about seven-ish, uh probably got to his place about 20 past. He doesn't live that far away, a couple of suburbs over. Uh we just went down to Woolies. No no it was Woolies. Uh we just double, like took up a couple of spaces in the car park there. Yeah so yeah so the boat takes up about two and a half, three spaces plus here. So we just sort of, as that time of the morning there wasn't that many cars in the car park anyway, so we just parked there. No no, barbecue chicken, chicken. Yeah uh Wharf Road, uh it's Wharf Road Wharf, that's what it's called. And I think it's Rydal, Rydalme. Just need to loads fill, sorry. No no, the road that it's on is on Wharf Road. The wharf on Wharf Road is known as Wharf Road Wharf. It could be Rydal, could be Ryd, or Rydalme. It's around that area anyway. Gladesville but further up and sort of Ermington. No no, it's more, it's off Victoria Road. But you have Clifton Gardens and then the bay around uh one back towards the city. I'm no idea what it's called but we've sort of nicknamed it No Fish Cave. Uh only on the tides. Yeah any other time there's absolutely no fish whatsoever. Right in the tides. Um you can't get your line in quick enough. No no, one round. Uh the whole day, four maybe five. Just the little little frayed in ones. No uh we just had half a case. So half case probably 12. Uh four or five. I don't think I finished the last one because as you you might have a beer as you're driving along but um as you're bouncing up it gets all flat and horrible from hitting the waves. Tend to tip it out. You don't actually tend to finish them all. Yeah you probably drink about three quarters and that last bit's flat and horrible. Uh it's actually right in the middle of the harbour. It's directly in line with uh Rose Bay. It's a navigational marker and it looks like a giant wedding cake and it's known as wedding cake and you get a lot of snapper and brim off wedding cake. Um it was probably about two-ish. Yeah I had to drop my mate off first at his place and we actually stopped to um at a car wash to just with a pressure washer to spray the boat over. Get all the sea salt and the muck off it. Uh it's just like dollar or two dollar coins. Um probably be about probably about five-ish I think. Didn't really note the time. I had tomato soup and that was very actually um we had two types because I got one type. It was terrible and uh we had a different brand in the cupboard and I ended up having that and the family had the other brand because they liked it and I didn't. It was tomato soup with baby spinach and feta which I thought sounded very nice. I actually tasted it. It tasted awful so I had a little can of the old Heinz tomato soup separate. Yeah well they enjoyed it and I just couldn't eat it. Made me sick. Uh it was the History Channel. Uh probably about 11-ish. Um I'd say about 11 o'clock because I remember laying in bed just hearing the um end of the 11 o'clock evening news or like the news on the radio. No no I don't. No yeah no I don't recall that. No I didn't say that. Uh no no I didn't say that. No it's a bit horrible but no I didn't say anything like that. Nothing new anyway. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.