 Okay, let's see, yesterday morning, yesterday morning, what did I do yesterday morning? First thing I did was get up, walk downstairs, I flicked the kettle on, I then got a can of cat food out of the fridge, walked up to the front door, opened the door, put a mound of cat food in the bowl, I then sat there and had a cigarette. After that I then walked back inside, made myself a cup of coffee, grabbed a shirt off the pile of clean ironing, went downstairs and ironed my shirt. Then from there, back upstairs, jumped in the shower, had a shower, got dressed, brushed my teeth, aftershave on, back downstairs, I grabbed the car keys and my building pass and then proceeded to drive to work. Once at work, oh once at, driving to, no, it's not here, once I drove in, parked the car, I then went and got a parking, what do you call it, parking ticket, did that by putting the credit card in, going for the allotted amount of time, put that in the window, I then proceeded to get my backpack out of the car and just walked around to the building, into the office, to where I sat down, turned my computer on, read a few emails, I then went down to the coffee shop with two colleagues, got myself a cup of coffee, also then got some Vegemite on Turkish bread toast. When I came back up to the office, sat there reading more emails, eating my Turkish on, well my Vegemite on Turkish, I then organised what I had to do for the day, just after I'd finished that I had to go to another suburb with a colleague. We then went down to the basement and got into one of the company vehicles and then drove to sunny downtown Auburn. Once we were at Auburn, we then had to find our way to the section that we needed to go to, we then had to sign out $116,000 in cash, we then had to go to a room and sit there and spread the cash out and photograph it. Once we'd done that, we then put the cash back into a sealed bag, we then had to walk back and find someone to open the safe so we could put it back in the safe. We then went from there to the end of the city, went to another location there, at that place we went to sign out some more cash because we had to count that as well, or just confirm the figures rather. While we were there, we were told by one of the bosses that our section had left a 20 litre drum full of an unknown liquid. I then had to call on the chemical contractors to come out to the city where we were and take the unknown liquid away. From there we then drove back to our office, a little bit of paperwork for the trip we'd just done, and with that we decided to call it a day and went down and met other colleagues at the pub. We left work probably about a quarter to four, quarter to four in the afternoon, certainly did. I was at the pub from approximately, probably for about two hours if that. I had a schooner of light and then I had a midday of light. Yeah, only had the two drinks and just some chips as well because we didn't have any lunch. No. Let's say quarter to four, probably left around quarter to six mark, give or take a few minutes, would have been about quarter to six. Yes, it did. Let's see, left at quarter to six. I got home at approximately 6.30. No, straight home. Got home, said hello to the wife, said hello to the children. I then went upstairs, got changed out of my work clothes, put the comfy trackie dacks on and the t-shirt, and then came back downstairs, poured myself a glass of wine and helped finish making dinner. We had a Thai chicken stir fry with snow peas and choy sum and a little bit of coconut rice. Yes, I did. I watched Spicks and Specks on ABC and then I watched, what is it, The Gruen Transfer, Gruen Planet. I fell asleep on the lounge and woke up at about half past 11 and went to bed then. Actually got out of bed, would have been approximately six o'clock, 6am. No, no, fed the cat. Yes, I do. Yes. No, I didn't. My wife feeds the dog. When she f***s up, yes. No, it doesn't. Well, it would do if we could get to it. Yes, get there, fed in different parts of the house. I had a cigarette, then went inside and made a cup of coffee. I do, but more of a coffee drinker. No, I went downstairs and ironed my shirt. After I'd had a shower and got ready and got dressed, and then I drove. Yes. I don't know, I just did. Yes, it is. That's correct. Would have been approximately, give or take, I'd say 7.20. Half past seven. No, no, logged on, checked some emails, and then probably about half an hour later went down to the coffee shop. I bought a coffee and bought Vegemite on Turkish. That's correct. No, never had it. I had it in Promo, but not on Turkish. Love it. No, went into Auburn. No, no. 116,000. Yes, we did. Went into the city. Yes. No, we drove. Certainly was. No, there was still only two of us. Yes. A 20 liter drum of liquid. It was from our section, and I just happened to be from that section, and I had previous training dealing with hazardous materials. Probably a little earlier, probably about half past three. No, it would have been about half past six. Thai. Yes, certainly do. Yes. No, no, no. It was snow peas and choy sum. Choy sum. That's Chinese vegetable. Specs and specs. That's correct. I think it's called Gruen Planet these days. They've changed the name again recently, so it's Gruen something. It's about 11.30. Got into work probably about, give or take, I'd say approximately 20 past seven. I'd say they're incorrect. Yes, if you check the entry logs for the building. The data must be incorrect. Okay. I suppose if you want to get all the inconveniences for looking through, what is it, CCTV of the building, you could also check the logon when I logged on to my email, when I logged onto the main server. Okay. Has it been changed for daylight saving time? Okay. I can't explain that. Okay. No. I came in at about 20 past seven. I don't know. I'd have to have a think about it. You could probably speak to some of my colleagues. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No command. No, no, no comment. No comment.