 Okay, yesterday when I first got up I woke up at about 5 in the morning. I went downstairs. I put the kettle on. I then got cigarettes off the fridge, opened the fridge, got the cat food out, walked out the front door, fed the cat and sat out the front and had a cigarette. I then finished my smoke, went back inside, put the cat food away. I then went downstairs. I ironed a t-shirt. I then went back upstairs, had a shower, then got dressed. I then came down and made myself a coffee. I had to re-boil the kettle again, sorry, in between because it had gone cold. Had my coffee and then drove to Witherall Park. At Witherall Park, I arrived a little bit early, so I sat in the car listening to the radio. About five to seven, I then attended a... I then went and signed in to where I had to go. I had to sit there and listen to a series of lectures. I then, once the lectures were finished, I then had to do some physical training and once that had been finished, we then had to come in and listen to more lectures and then at approximately one o'clock, we were finished for the day. I then rang work and told them what I had done for the day. I then took the rest of the afternoon off and drove home. When I got home, I did. I got home at approximately quarter to. Once I had my lunch, I watched a little bit of TV and snoozed on the lens till about five, till about, probably about half past four. At half past four, my children had come home, my wife had come home. I then had to take my daughter to netball, indoor netball. I went down to the indoor netball. I sat there and watched her play netball and we returned home at approximately six. I then had a glass of wine, a glass of red wine. I then sat down, had dinner with the family. Once dinner was over, then took my young bloke upstairs, popped him in the shower and once he'd done that, I then put his jommies on. He then came down and it was about eight o'clock by this time. We sat down there and watched TV till about half past eight, till the kids had to go to bed. Then, once we put them to bed, come back down and watched TV again till about half past nine and went to bed at approximately half past nine. After dinner, we were watching one of the kids shows, which is called Horrible Histories. And then after they had gone to bed, my wife and I flicked between Relocation Australia and Deadliest Catch After the Catch. Yes, we do. No, not probably. Normally, it really depends, but nine times out of ten, I'd say I'd get the train. Yes, because it was a new location. Two. Yes, I are. No, there's not. I normally drive the four-wheel drive, but yesterday I actually drove what we consider her car. There's a city. Yes, one does. That's right. Witherell Park, not far from Smithfield. Yes, at about ten to seven. Yes. In certain spots, there was. I think I left home probably at about quarter past six. Half an hour, 40 minutes. Yeah, depending on traffic. 5 a.m. Fed the cat. Yes, I do. No, I didn't. Because the dog gets fed basically once a day, but in the morning when my wife gets up, just before they leave, we give the dog a large white marrow bone. Yes, yes, stays in the backyard. There's a dog door where he can come into the bottom part of the house, but not up into the main living area of the house. We have one of those child gates across the stairs, at the top of the stairs. And stop the child from going down as well. No, doesn't like the dog. No, we had the cat probably about four or five years previous to the dog. Yeah, he was already the boss. Okay. Yeah. No, I drove. I don't think so. I'm not too sure, but I don't think so. After the lectures and a bit of physical training, more lectures, I left Witherell Park at about 1 p.m. No, no, I had lunch at home once I actually got home. Would have been approximately 2. No, no, I decided to have ham and cheese wraps. Ham and cheese wraps done in one of the sandwich presses. Two of those. Yes, I did. Had a snooze till about 4.30. Yes, netball, indoor netball. No, she doesn't. No, about 6 p.m. Yes. Glass of red wine. Not really. Maybe during summer if it's very hot, sort of during the day with the barbecue, but other than that, no, I drink red wine. No, I do like it. I just prefer red. What did we have for dinner? I was like a shepherd's pie done with what do you call it? Cauliflower instead of potato on the top and with snow peas and beans. No, no, you just basically mush up the cauliflower at the top and just sprinkle a bit of cheese on it instead of using potato. Just something different. It's a bit healthier rather than having potato. No, it's a show called Horrible Histories. It's a kids version of, basically, it's a kids show teaching them about history and different things and some of the unbelievable facts of what happened in the past. It would have been about 9.30. Yes. No, there was none. I heard a lot of loud voices because it's being an indoor area, sound echoes and there's four simultaneous games going on at once. So there are a lot of loud voices, but pretty much all indistinguishable. No. The only sort of aggressive type ones were people barricading for the different teams. No, didn't hear anything like that. No. Yeah, sure. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Uh...no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. comment no comment no comment