 Okay, yesterday. Yesterday was Tuesday. Tuesday was a day off because I had worked extra shifts on the work end. So I had to cut out a few hours and yesterday was a good day to have off because I was going out for lunch with some old mates. So what did I do yesterday? Got up, 6ish, put the dog out, fed the dog, changed the water, did all that sort of stuff. Had breakfast, made my wife a cup of tea, then very, very carefully went and woke her up because she slept in, which is nothing unusual when I'm home because I normally get the job of driving her to work. Yeah, so we did that. She had brekkie, drove her to work late and then I went home. I had some domestic chores I had to do. Did all those. My daughter was home yesterday so I spent a bit of time with her before she went out and then I buggerised around until about 11 and then went out, met those friends for lunch. We caught up for lunch for about three hours, which was quite enjoyable. Just waffled on about a few things, work related and private related and whatever else related. And then finished that, came home, caught up with my son who recently got married and then was afforded the opportunity of watching the video of his wedding, which was quite good. Only went for about 15 or 20 minutes but we watched that and had a bit of a chat about it, a bit of reminisce. Then after he left, my wife, myself and my daughter went down to Penrith to do some Christmas shopping and when we got there the cupboard was bare because what we wanted to buy sold out. So that was a bit ordinary. Just wandered around the shops, had a sticky beak. What we do and don't want to buy and not interested in buying. Left there, went and bought dinner on the way home. So we had dinner out. Then what else did we do? We just went home. My wife got the job of feeding the dog again, which is nothing unusual. So fed the old hound, left her outside for a while. And then after that I went and spent about two hours on the internet, doing various things, checking a few things, reading the paper, also played solitaire. And yeah, pretty quiet. Didn't have to iron my shirt because my daughter ironed my shirt for me today, which was quite good. And then I went to bed about, I don't know, about 10ish I suppose, somewhere around there. And that was it, pretty quiet day really. I had my breakfast yesterday, let me think. Yeah, had my standard, my bowl of cornflakes, cup of coffee. But because I was home I also had two pieces of toast. I normally don't have toast and brekkie, but if I'm home on the weekends or something, yeah I will. Other than that, that was all I had for breakfast. Negative, can't have Vegemite. No, I have an allergy to it, believe it or not. I have an allergy to certain foods. I am gluten intolerant. I'm at the lower end of the scale of celiac disorder, whereas my daughter is at the very higher end of the scale. And there are certain foods that I cannot eat. And trust me, I love Vegemite. Vegemite when I was growing up was, you know, I considered it by the jar, like kids eat jelly and all that sort of stuff. Well, sorry, not now. No, I got diagnosed with a tummy bug about four and a half, five years ago. And went and had all these million dollar tests. And they said you can't eat this, this, this, this and this. So my diet's pretty, pretty ordinary. No spicy foods, no caffeine. Have an allergy to caffeine. I have decaf coffee on soy. And people in my office say, why do you even waste the time of getting up and putting hot water in your mouth and drinking it? Because that's all I'm allowed to drink. So yeah, actually I think I have some time ago. But I think because my daughter and I sort of got diagnosed roughly the same time when she got diagnosed, she said, Dad, you've got the same and had the same symptoms for years. And when she was, because she's a nutritionist and when she was going through uni, one of her work placements was at a food examination place. And she said, Dad, I'll get you in there. So I did. And I went through all these million dollar tests. They didn't look after us, price wise, that's for sure. But yeah, I got diagnosed with all these fancy allergies to food. So my diet's pretty lame and pretty mundane. For her, late, about 20 past her last date, she should be working at 8. She only works around the corner and has a flexible boss. No, actually, well, I met them at midday, but I'd left home at about 11. It was about a 45 minute drive to where I had to go. Yeah, to drive down. No, I didn't catch the train. Where I had to go was too far from a train station. I'm sorry. I walked five or six hundred meters when I have to come to work. No, no, no, God, no, didn't get home. Still having lunch. We hadn't even eaten at 1pm. When did I get home? Let me think. Let me think. Oh, I know about 3.30, 4 o'clock, somewhere around there. Yeah, she was home. I actually picked up my wife on the way through coming home. So she was there and my son was there. My son that got married. He was also at home. No, no, no, only went for 15 minutes. Yeah, I was just a civil, civil celebrant. But it had been edited and all that sort of stuff. It's quite nice. No, it was good. Well, besides my son and now daughter-in-law, I thought the little speech that my son's now stepdaughter did at the wedding was brilliant. She welcomed her new stepfather into her life and it was quite good. Ten, just turned ten, and she's a good kid. No, no, no, no, it's too far to go. We only went to Penrith. Penrith is a lot closer to Blacktown than we went to Kmart. Actually, we didn't because it sold out. We bought some other stuff, but it's not what the wife wanted. So we had to go to Plan B because she wants to decorate the house for Christmas. My job. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. We actually had dinner while we were down there. No, no, no, we had, oh, it was takeaway that we had, but we just stopped in one of the local takeaway food places and had dinner while we were down there. Rather go home and cook and all that sort of stuff because by that stage it was, I was getting on dark. So it was eight-ish, I suppose, a bit after eight. No, I don't have a cat. I'm not a cat lover. Actually, do not like cats, one way, shape or form. No, we have a dog, so I fed my dog, topped the water up and then, yeah, left her outside. No, no, no, I didn't even look at my book. Actually, yesterday I went and played on the internet. Before that I need my beauty sleep. I was in bed about half past 10 and then more enjoyed didn't sleep. But yeah, went to bed about 10.30, I suppose. I had a pretty, yesterday was pretty quiet. No comment.