 Yeah, righto. So, more or less my alarm went off and then I dozed for about 20 minutes, causing me to subsequently be late, putting all sorts of time pressure on me for the rest of the day. And then I got up, had a shower, got in the car and went to work. Work was pretty mundane. Went out to Cabra and more or less sat in front of a computer, more or less the whole day. And I went out and had coffee in the morning, that was okay. And I was working out at Cabra, which is an area that I quite like. For lunch, I went and got Asian rolls, as you do in Cabra Madre, I guess, and that was pretty good. And then I had the old biscuit as well, so that was good. Then came back to the office, made a few phone calls, sat in front of the computer, didn't do too much. Finished work about four o'clock, I guess. Went home, drove home, which took me about an hour or thereabouts. Got some petrol on the way home. Went, got home, parked in the street, went up to my house, I live in the unit, and got changed, put my running gear on, and had a big bowl of cereal. Made a quick check for my emails and then I went out for a run. That was good. I had to run for about an hour. So I went down to Centennial Park and then, yeah, so it covered about 10km, I guess. It did about 6km of that reasonably quick for me, which, yeah, that was pretty painful at the time. And then finished up, got home, and lay around on the, or lay around on the laundry room floor for a while drinking water. Called my girlfriend up and then had a shower and got cleaned up. Made myself some dinner, which I neglect my diet as I generally do and had, I think I had frozen vegetables, well, which I cooked, obviously, and a bit of chicken or something and a chocolate paddle pop or something highly nutritious like that. And, yeah, did a little bit of stuff online and more or less went to bed about 9 o'clock, or 10 o'clock maybe, thereabouts, and that was pretty much me for the day. I reckon probably 5.30. Yeah, it is. The problem is we start at 7 o'clock and working at Cabaret, it's about the best part of an hour's drive from my home in the eastern suburbs. So, yeah, you need to get up that, oh, 5.15 actually, my alarm went off and 5.30 I actually got out, because I need to be about 5 past six, I need to be out the door, I need to have wheels rolling at 5 past six to get there on time, otherwise I'm late and it's just sloppy, I don't like being late for work, you know. Yeah, yeah, I did, yeah. In fact, I made it with about five minutes of spare, so I left about 6 o'clock, thereabouts. Yeah, probably 5 to 7, 7 o'clock, thereabouts. Yeah, yeah. 12.40 I had lunch for half an hour, thereabouts, but although I didn't, yesterday I ate at my desk, so I went out, I had to go out to buy something, because I generally buy my lunch, in fact I almost always do, just because it's easier and it saves me time preparing it and all that sort of thing. So, I went from the police, or yeah, from work, I went to just down the main road of Cabaret John's Street, I think it is, if I remember, and there's like a whole bunch of, you know, shops and that sort of thing, and there's an Asian roll shop there, like a little Vietnamese bakery that you can buy those chicken rolls with coriander and all that sort of stuff. So, anyway, I've forgotten the original question. That's right. Yeah, so I did that, so I bought those, I bought that roll and biscuit, and then I went back to work and I actually ate at my desk, because there was no one else in the office, so. One of the challenges with those Asian rolls, when you eat them, they more or less explode with crumbs going everywhere, so I feel very conscious, self-conscious about eating in front of someone else, but when there's no one in the office, it's okay, you can do that. You can just kind of brush the crumbs off onto the floor and the cleaners take care of it. Yeah, about that, yeah, and work itself during that period was really just on the, I was writing a document, so there's a few phone calls related to that, but mostly it was just sitting in front of a computer, chipping away, just working away at it kind of thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I did. Just before I left home, I had my usual breakfast, which I pretty much always have, which is a bowl of cereal, or usually two bowls of cereal, mostly Just Right, Kellogg's Just Right, with some milk, and then a cup of coffee, instant coffee, because I'm strictly an instant coffee guy. I reckon it's great, but usually that's when I'm running late, which I am a lot, then I'll have, I've got like a thermos mug sort of thing from Gloria Jeans, so I'll usually just make a coffee in that and drink in the car on the way to work. That's most commonly the way I go, yeah. No, I had stuff in the freezer, because I don't, I really, well, I resent shopping in all its forms, and especially grocery shopping. I just regard it as a huge waste of time, so I'm a big believer in online shopping, especially for groceries, so I go through Coles online, and it's brilliant. Yeah, you can do, in fact, something I forgot the last time I did my shopping, just before I went to bed, and it took me about 12 minutes to do two weeks worth of grocery shopping, and it's just a matter of getting online on the website, which I've used for probably six months, and then you just log in, you select a time that, a window, a three-hour window that you're going to be home. So for me, I knew that I had Friday off, and I'd be home Friday morning, so just pick that window, and then just pull up a list of every product that I've ever ordered from them, and then you just tick, tick and flick, and you basically tick cross, tick cross, look for any specific stuff, and hit send and punch in your credit card number, and that was my shopping. It took, yeah, about 15 minutes from go to work, so in answer to the question, yeah, so I had stuff in the freezer, so I just used that, that steam fresh frozen veggies, it's like two minutes in the microwave, more or less, and it's a very convenient way of, I eat, unfortunately, a bit of lean cuisine, like those frozen meals, but when you're trying to, when you need to beef it up a bit, with some fresh veggies and some extra calories as well, that's quite a good way to, you mix the two together, and that kind of fleshes it out, sort of thing. Yeah, but last time I did, I just had the veg, which is a bit slack and puts a tomato sauce on them. No, nothing, no, no meat, no. I didn't have, I didn't have anything readily available, I wasn't that hungry, because I'd had a reasonable lunch and that sort of thing, and when I came back from, and I had a bowl of cereal before I went, immediately when I got home, which is quite a large bowl of cereal, and then some sports drinks and that one would come back from my run, so I wasn't particularly hungry, so just kind of got enough to keep the metabolism going, but not a big meal. I try not to have a big, big dinner, so that's not the best for my metabolism. Yeah, yeah. No, it was a Paddle Pop. That's my favorite kind of dessert sort of thing. Like it's, I have always, since a kid, I quite liked Paddle Pops, and it's simple, it's easy, and yeah, I just kind of like it. It's, yeah, I don't know, it's just a good dessert, I guess. No, about seven, I got, well, I start work at seven, so I probably got there about five to seven, and because I actually left earlier than 6.30, it was about five past six or thereabouts. Yeah, yeah, that's right. Yeah, no, that's not the case. I definitely got there by seven. Yeah, there would be, there would be, yeah, in fact, there was two people there at seven o'clock when I got there, and also the electronic access passes would have registered that I came in at seven o'clock, so we could work it out that way. Yes, yeah, that's right. No, I, when I got to work shortly after I got there, we went out to Gloria June's down on John Street there, and just had a, I think I had a flat white, something like that, and we actually sat in there and drank it in there, and then went back to the office. No, no, that's not what I had. I had a Asian roll and a biscuit. There's chicken, some chili, coriander, all the other bits and pieces that they put in there, that funny mayonnaise stuff and sort of thing. Yeah, yeah, it was. No, no, I put it on, it's a company car, so it's company petrol, so I put it on the company fuel card. Yeah, yeah, I did, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, oh, well, I don't think I did that. I'm quite sure that I went in and paid for the fuel, but what we could do, there will be a receipt, I imagine, from the fuel, like on the accounts, and that sort of thing. So I'm pretty sure that I did pay for it, but we can go through that and have a check on the records, and I think that'll show that that's where I did. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, well, it must be some mistake. That wouldn't be me that's doing that. It must be some mix up with, it's someone else rather than me. Right? Yeah. Oh, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. *** Chemical Corpsorder Deeroo called anuen and tell us if Moby would cook it for us to try in the morning.