 Yeah, yesterday I got out of bed. I woke up really, really early. I started to get some backache and stuff. So I wasn't feeling all that good and then it was about 8 o'clock when I finally sort of woke up and decided that I wasn't going to come to work yesterday. My husband was also home yesterday. But yeah, I just sort of had a pain and didn't sleep very well. So I just thought, oh no, I'm not going to work today. So then we decided that, well I was feeling a bit better so we went and had some brekkie because I was absolutely starving. So we went and actually got Macca's for brekkie because I've been wanting their hotcakes really badly the last couple of weeks. So I went and had hotcakes and then we went to the shops and I think when we got to Macca's it would have been about quarter to ten I suppose. And then we went to Coles really quickly and just picked up a few things and then went home and I pretty much put on the TV and fell asleep on the couch for a couple of hours. I started to feel a little bit better. There was some TV shows playing but I can't remember what they were now. And then I started to watch Muriel's Wedding and just a few other shows. There was one born every minute so I'd tape that so I would watch that and I really need to stop watching those shows because they're very traumatising. And then it probably was, I remember watching the news, the 4.30 news on Channel 9. And then there was that millionaire hot seat that was on so I watched a little bit of that. And then I thought I'd better get dinner organised so I got dinner organised. We had steak that I'd put a little bit of garlic on and then we had some salad which was just spinach, tomatoes, pine nuts with pumpkin and stuff and some coleslaw and I think that was it. And then I had a chocolate ice cream, chocolate and vanilla, well chocolate coated vanilla ice cream after that. And then we watched Red Dog and I went up to bed and watched Red Dog. And then I turned it off, I wasn't overly tired but I turned it off and the TV was on and Sacred Diary of a Cold Girl was on so I watched two episodes of that. And then Friends was on but I fell asleep and that was pretty much my day. I started watching Red Dog about, it was about 9 o'clock, maybe quarter past nine. Sacred Diary of a Cold Girl was on Gem I think, probably about 11.30. He watched Red Dog and then he fell asleep. Yes, it was really good. It was very sad, I cried twice. But it was very good, very good. It was probably one of the, it was a good Australian film, like you sort of think of Australian films, you know, but no it was really good. No I bought it because Richard had actually told me it was really good and worth watching and it was only $19.95 on sale at JB. So I thought, oh it's probably going to be one of those types of movies that I'll like. So yeah. Marley and Me, yeah I've seen Marley and Me. Yes I did, book was much better. Yeah. Did you? Yeah, I kind of, I was the same. I didn't fall asleep during the movie but I just felt like it was not as good. The book just highlighted so much more, it was so much more funny and so much more about him. Oh yeah, it was a bit of a shame the movie took away that. Yeah, still sad at the end. But you know what's coming. I was actually reading the book on a, me and my mum went on a cruise and I was reading it on the P&O cruise because my knee, I'd stuffed my knee. And I was there reading it and I was bawling my eyes out because it was getting towards the end of it. So I was crying, this waiter actually came up, are you okay? We went around the South Pacific. Oh no, no, no, sorry, I've been on two with mum. The one where I read the book, we went up to Queensland and we did like Brisbane, Airlie Beach, out to Willis Island and up around there and then back. And that was when the Pasha Bulka went aground in Newcastle. So it was really rough. That last night was terrible. We really wanted to just get out, oh you couldn't move. I was just holding onto the bed for dear life. And then the second time we went, my husband actually came with us as well and we went out to the South Pacific and did Vanuatu and Isle of Pines and Mystery Bay and that was nice. I didn't get to see too much of Vanuatu because I'd booked a horse riding thing that day which was kind of, which was better for me. Because yeah, by the time you get to Vanuatu all the stuff's the same as all the islands and yeah, I wasn't overly impressed with it. The Isle of Pines was so expensive because it's the French, the Franc and oh, it was really expensive. So I wouldn't go back there again. It was beautiful but I wouldn't pay to go there because it's just way too expensive for what it was. Yeah, we didn't actually stop at Numea on that cruise. It was the one that they didn't stop at Numea which didn't really worry me because I've heard that that's not a nice place either. Yeah, I wouldn't, no. No, I've heard that. Yeah, I've heard, yeah. Even at Isle of Pines everything was so expensive and I just thought, oh no, I don't really like it here. But Champagne Bay and Mystery Island were absolutely amazing and then we went to Emerald Bay maybe, Emerald Bay it was called. Where they had the land, the guys who jumped off the, they built the big wooden things that they jump off with just a vine. Unbelievable, it was the most, yeah, they jump, just jump off and there's just dirt underneath them that they've made wet. So it breaks their fall sort of thing but it's just a vine leaf and they jump off and yeah, it was crazy. Yeah, a vine, sorry, a vine rod like a piece of long vine that they obviously get. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it was crazy. It was crazy to watch. Yeah, I did. I think for me because I'm not a great flyer, I think for me the cruising was definitely a nice way to get there but yeah, just don't know where I'd want to go next. Yeah, that's my retirement plan. I want to do that one day and for the next however long it's going to be all about kids and whatever so I think, oh no, okay, I'll be realistic. I know it's going to be a later cruise. Yeah, exactly. It was about eight o'clock. No, I was actually laying in bed when I rang in sick so I hadn't gotten ready. No, I had some hot cakes. Yeah, the hot cake syrup that they give you. Is that the maple syrup? Yeah, I think it's just called hot cake syrup and the whipped butter. Yeah, that was, yes and a bacon egg McMuffin. Yes. No, we just picked up a couple of things, a couple of things for lunch and I also got this top from Coles which was, yeah, they have some really nice stuff in there and just some milk and just general sort of stuff. Not a big shop. From Coles, it probably would have been close to 11. No, no, no, no, he was upstairs on his computer enjoying his quiet time. I think there is one on channel seven as well but the one I watched was on channel nine. Yeah, yeah, I don't know what it was. I just, yeah, must have just had it on channel nine. No, I watched Millionaire Hot Seat with Eddie McGuire. Oh, it's all right. I just got into a few of the questions and thought, oh, I could actually do all right. So yeah, no, a few of the questions and yeah, I'm not a real big fan of Eddie McGuire but yeah, no, it was all right watching it yesterday. I think I was half asleep still. Just steak. I think it was a porterhouse steak. No, I just fried it because our barbecue is broken. No, I just got the little jar of garlic that goes in the fridge, just the little like Asian-y one. So it's all minced. So I just put that on top, just give it a little bit of a flavor. It was a bit earlier than that. It was about nine o'clock that I went up to bed to watch Red Dog. No, it's called Red Dog. Yup. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.