 Um, yesterday, Thursday, I got up, I go in the showers and stuff like that, that sort of detailed. Yeah, um, I got up, I had a shower, I let the dogs out because they were all sucking that they wanted to go out. I had some brekkie, had some toast, some Vegemite and then I drove my car to the train station and parked it there. Jumped on a fast train and got to work about 7.30. Then basically all throughout the day just did my usual duties, um, typed up a couple of things. What else did I do? Um, had some urgent court stuff to attend to so I did all of that sort of stuff. Um, then I had lunch. Oh no, I went to save as well. I went to save in the morning as well and then I come back, I went to lunch. I had Thai for lunch and then that afternoon I continued doing a little bit more paperwork for a matter and then I, what did I do? I just, I forget what it was but I left work about 5.30 and I went to, caught the train home, got in my car, went home. As soon as I got in the driveway I've walked in and I've noticed this funny thing on the back, back patio and I've looked at it and it's a dragon lizard and my hubby was looking at it, we were looking at it going, oh that's a bit weird. So we took a photo of it and I went out and got my neighbor Rosetta and told her about it and she come over and had a look and the dogs were all sitting there looking at this lizard trying to figure out what it was. So that kept us entertained for a little while and then we went to, then we had dinner. I made fettuccetti cabernet for dinner and I spoke to my mum for an hour and a half on the phone and then I went to bed and my hubby was sick all night and that was my day and I've woken up very tired today. Okay so what time did you end up? Last night I think, last time I looked at the clock a razor had just come on the tv so that would have been a bit, it was just after 9.30. I did read a book yesterday, I read a book that I was called Private by James Patterson, read that on the train. No no not in bed sorry no, yep 6.30, oh no it wasn't 6.30 it was um six o'clock yesterday. I usually get up quarter past but I had to get up a little bit earlier. Yep yep yep I was on the 5.34 train. I watched Beauty and the Gek Australia um an hour I think 7.30. He ran under, we've got a little plastic dog pool out the back and he ran from the patio, I don't know if Joey barked at him, that's one of my dogs, I don't know if Joey barked at him but he ran underneath the little shell blue pool that we have and um he just hid under there for a while and I don't know where he went after that. It got dark and I was looking at every now and then for him but um yeah I don't know where he went so I hope he's all right. I hope the dogs didn't get him. So um yesterday morning you got up? It was quarter past, it was 6.00 yesterday. Yeah we usually get up at quarter past. So you got up at your cat's house? Dogs, no um they're not too bad but I'm a dog person. So um do you... Vegemite, no never had it before I don't think. So then um caught the um sorry you drove your car. Yep. So what was the number of the bus? I didn't catch a bus I caught a train, yes. Um the work? No it was 7.30. No that's wrong. Scan. I've got a scan pass to get access into the building so that would um that logs the times that you come in and out of the building so you'd be able to see that it was 7.30. We have had a report that we've passed through there. CCTV. CCTV at the train station here. I think there's a camera as I walk to work at the pub because I come past the pub. Um I'm sure there's one on the street there. Looking back along I think that's Charles Street. Is that Charles Street? I think that's Charles Street isn't it? Charles Street that runs along there. That camera from the pub looks down Charles Street because I see it every day and I always look at it. Yep it's wrong. The time must be wrong. So then so you came into work. Yep yep yep. Paperwork. Tie. Occasionally. Yes. Yes I had some more paperwork than I had to attend to in the afternoon. Not meetings so much just paperwork. Um I speak to him all the time. I sat down with him while he was having his lunch so I did speak to him yesterday. No I didn't have any formal meetings yesterday. So you left work at 5.30? Because I was on the 5.34 train. Yes. No. So you get off at. Yep yes. Um anywhere between five five to ten minutes depending on traffic. Oh I actually yesterday I went to Coles as well as I got off the once I got off the train I went to Coles because I'd called my husband and said what's for dinner and he said leftovers and I'm pregnant and I feel like for the tini cabernet so I said that's fine I'll go to the shops and buy the stuff for that and I think that's what made him. I don't know. I hope not. Okay so when you get home um your um. Dogs uh we're inside. That's right I've got three dogs and um they're inside and they the the the lizard was sitting at the back. That's all right. Okay sorry so your cats have barreled up. No I've got three dogs and they're all inside because we've got a um sliding garage door that I have to press the button to go into the garage and by the time I get home obviously the dogs are all inside because my hubby's home to let them in so I can let my car in without having to go in and do all of that so they're all inside and that's when I've walked around the from the entryway it goes around the corner once I've walked around the corner I've seen this little head of this big lizard and thought what was that? So it wasn't. No it was big he was probably at least not that my measurements are great but I'd say at least 40 centimeters long it was big. So when you saw the lizard you called. No my neighbor Rosita. So you both. Yes and my husband as well and Joey was sitting by the door watching it. So then um after the lizard spaghetti bowl. Fettuccine carbonara creamy one. So then spoke to his. My mum. And you went to bed about. No it would have been earlier than that it would have been about 9 35 ish because I know that movie Eraser had just started. Eraser with Arnold Schwarzenegger and Vanessa Williams I think it is. So um when you were on the train you were reading Cleo. James Patterson um god what's it called now? Private James Patterson novel. And then yesterday afternoon or last night you. Beauty and the Geek. So you went to bed about. No it was 9 30. 9 35. Your husband slept right? No he had a very rough night. He's still having a rough day. No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment... Who is your family? No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment you