 Yeah, I got up earlier yesterday. It was my day off. I probably got up, I think it was around 7.30. Got up and I made vanilla cupcakes because I had them there and I wanted to make them on the Saturday but I was a bit sore so I just fell asleep on Saturday. So I made the vanilla cupcakes yesterday morning and I made myself some toast with some tomatoes and some halloumi cheese. And then I watched some of the Weekend Today. Then my hubby finally got out of bed about 10 o'clock and I said we needed to go to Bunnings because I wanted to buy some fans. So we got up, we went down to Gloria Jean's and I had a nice chocolate and he had a coffee. When it came up because my nephew wants something for Christmas called Mighty Beans which I'd never heard of before so I thought I'd better go in there and have a look and see what they were. So I went in there and then we went from there, we went to Bunnings and no we went to the plaza first and I wanted to look in Myer to see if they had Robomades. So I had a look to see if they had Robomades but they didn't have any. So then we went to Bunnings and I bought some, a ceiling fan, not a ceiling fan, bought a pedestal fan and bought a desk fan and bought a $230 later. We walked out of Bunnings and then we had a sausage sandwich for lunch and went home, did a couple of loads of washing and put, we went grocery shopping, sorry before we got home we went grocery shopping, put all the groceries away then I did a load of washing and I cleaned up the backyard a little bit, vacuum cleaned. Leon put the baby gate up the top of the stairs and then we, I made dinner. We had mozzarella and pistachio, oh not pistachio, prosciutto ravioli with tomato sauce and then I watched that Frozen Planet for a while and then I went to bed, had a bath and I went to bed, I laid in bed and watched TV, watched that 2012 till I fell asleep. No it was, I don't know what time I fell asleep, it was before the movie finished but Leon come to bed probably about, I think the last time I saw the clock I looked at it because I had to get up and go to the toilet so I looked and it was 11 30 and I would, I'd been asleep and that's when I turned the TV off and he sort of waked me up as I, as I needed to go to the toilet so it would have been about 11 30. My sister said I had the sausage sandwich from Bunnings. Yes. Oh I think would have been about 1, 1 30? Yeah. We left home probably about 11. Yep. Yep. Yes. Roughly yeah, probably closer to 1 30. We were home by about 3 because I remember Leon saying it's 3 o'clock. Yeah. Yeah I put the groceries away and then I did some washing. Yeah. The grocery, I put the groceries away as soon as we got home. Yep. Yep. Yep. And then we went to Coles, sorry. Yep. Yep. I got up, it was about 7 30 when I got up because I remember thinking it was really early for a Sunday and but Leon didn't get up till about 10. Yeah. Vanilla cupcakes. We ate probably about four of them, five of them out of 12. Um they're still at home, they're in a container in the fridge. Um no it was halloumi and tomato. No. No. No weekend today on channel nine. Yeah. Uh there is a, I think there is a weekend sunrise on channel seven, I don't know what time it starts but yeah. I know there's one on channel seven but I watched one on channel nine because I like the one on channel nine better. It was 10. Yeah. No. I made him cupcakes so he ate those. Yeah. No Gloria Jean. Yeah. No I had a hot, I had a nice chocolate and Leon had a cappuccino. The Kmart because that's where the um at the specific place where we go to Gloria Jean's there's only a Kmart there and my sister had told me you can get the Mighty Beans and Kmart and I'd never heard it before so it was Kmart. Um I still don't know. They're little little things that roll up and down snakes and they've come in collectible. I don't know. I don't know what they are. They're something that kids like. Something whenever you like so. Yeah. For Christmas. Yes. No Christmas. They're there. I just wanted to make sure with my sister which ones he had or he didn't have before I actually bought them. We yeah we went from because it's Centro and Pian where Kmart is and then we went to Westfields at Penrith. Yeah. And we went to Meyer um when we were there looking to see if I could find a RoboMade and then from there yeah we went to Bunnings. Um it was just a pedestal fan not a ceiling fan. We bought um a pedestal fan and we bought like a desk fan as well. They were it was $2.21 by the time we walked out of there because we bought a few other things. No he had the same they're both sausage sandwiches. Yeah. It was about three o'clock. Yes. Yes. I didn't mow the backyard. I would done that. Leon had done that the day before. Um and we had um ravioli with prosciutto and buffalo mozzarella and a red tomato sauce. Prosciutto and buffalo mozzarella ravioli. Yeah it was nice actually. I didn't know if I'd like. Didn't have any dessert last night. No. No. Yes. Watch Frozen Planet. Yeah. I had a bath and then yeah I got into bed and watched 2012. That was on go. 2012 it's called. It was a end of the world sort of Independence Day kind of like movie. No no no no. Just um watch that movie. But I watched it in bed because we have a TV in that bed. Um it would have been about 1.30. Oh we were only there probably half an hour 45 minutes roughly yeah. Yeah there was only one and then there was a little desk fan and a baby we bought a baby guide as well. Leon might at home. Credit card. No we definitely paid for them because um Leon had to sign for the credit card receipt thing once we left the checkout and there was a lady in front of us at the checkout who was taking forever and yeah no he definitely paid it because we paid it on his new Bankwest Mastercard that he got the other day. No no it was more me because my feet were getting a bit sore. No. Um one of the products that she picked up unfortunately it wasn't her fault but one of the products that she picked up didn't have a barcode or a description or anything like that so they had no idea what it what sort of length it was and they couldn't identify it to put a price into the computer so we're standing around waiting for someone to go check the price and it was just taking a long time. We bought um we actually walked out of there with pedestal fan, a desk fan, a baby gate, some weed sprayer, some hooks, some velcro and I think that's it. It's a 30 centimeter fan. I think it's 30 centimeters. Yes. It must have been a mistake because yeah either it's a mistake the lady I swear I saw her scan it um as we went through but we definitely had it there available for her to scan whether or not it's just a mistake or a misunderstanding. No I don't know. It's just it was sitting on top of the trolley. In fact I picked up the stuff so she could get to the hooks that were underneath the fan. No, certainly not. Yeah, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment.