 Okie dokie. Yesterday got up about six o'clock, quick get ready for work, went to the bus stop, got the bus into work. Got into work, checked the newspaper online and sort of started thinking about what I might do for the day and then started work. Said hi to colleagues as they came in and just went on with my day's work. Do you want all the way through to the end of the day? Rightio. So I was here, lunch time I might have, I can't remember if I went out for lunch. What was that, Tuesday? No I don't think I did because it was a warmish day. So I probably stayed at my desk, had lunch at my desk, went home at about quarter past three, picked my little guys up from daycare, got home, chatted with them for a while, made some dinner, had some people over for dinner, did some chores, all the quite boring stuff for a weekday evening. Finally got to sit down probably just after nine, watched a bit of TV and went to bed. That's probably my day. I reckon it would have been close to 10.30 by the time I was actually in bed. Do you have any breakfast? No, I pretty much always have breakfast at work. It's too early in the morning otherwise. And when did you get to work? I was on the bus so it probably would have been about five to seven, well thereabouts between, about five to seven on average. So when did you get into work? I had a shake, like a protein shake kind of thing. And then you did some morning? What time did you have lunch? That's a good question, what time did I have lunch? Probably yesterday would have been around 12.30ish. I had, I don't even remember that, I had leftover, what was it, it was a spaghetti, no it wasn't spaghetti, it was a sausage, bacon, tomato hot pot leftovers. And at what time did you start working? Probably, it was about 12.30, about 10 past one I think. I think I got chatting to someone when I went to pack my stuff back in the kitchen at work, so probably about 10 past one. And then you left? No, I went via daycare to pick my little boys up. And then when you got home you just made some dinner? I gave the boys some afternoon tea, sat out on the deck and was very thankful, it wasn't a very hot afternoon and then when you made some dinner. And what did you eat? Spag bol. Did the kids enjoy that? You wouldn't know. They ate it eventually I think, actually we ate it out on the deck so it was quite a nice relaxing environment, so I think so. They seemed to eat it. More interested in running after the dogs and things but what can you do? Did you take the dogs to the park? No, poor puppies, they haven't had a walk for a wee while. So no we didn't take them, we had guests over so my dad came over to stay for the evening and his wife so we just entertained them through their night. So do you take your dog for a walk on the weekends? I try on weekends to take them to the dog park so I consider that a walk because they get probably more exercise running around the dog park than me actually walking them but not every weekend. No I didn't take them last weekend. So when was the last time you took them? That's a good question, possibly maybe a few weeks ago, probably a month ago, they were on weekends. So you said that you got up about 5.30? No it was just, I got out of bed at 6 o'clock, my alarm goes off at 10 to 6 and I snooze it twice. And you caught the train into work this morning? No, bus, the bus. No, the only time I ever get a train is from when I'm going to pick the boys up from daycare because my husband leaves our car at the train station so I get a train from here to the train station then but never in the morning so I don't have a train near my house. So you didn't catch a train at all? Yes I did, I caught it on the way to pick the boys up from daycare, from work. Oh so that was one of those? Yep, yep, it was a daycare day. So your car, your family car was at the daycare? The station, it was at the station so I got the train from work to the station where my husband leaves it and then I drove to pick the boys up from daycare because he has to drive the car, he has to drop them at daycare, take the car to the station so he can go to work so we leave it at the station. So you said that you got in work, a colleague of mine has told you that you actually got in at 8 o'clock? Oh right, that is not true. Is there any way you can tell? Well my boss was there from 6.30 and I said hello to him at 5 to 7. Probably my logins on my computer would probably verify that I was there and probably CCTV camera, the cameras from PHQ would probably verify me walking through and my swipe card. We've actually looked at the data on the security company and verified that timestamp is correct and the first swipe card. Right, I'd have to say that their security systems are incorrect. Well the security company has verified, ensured us that they had machines calibrated last Thursday. Right, mm-hmm. We've also TVed. Yeah, right. Have you talked to my boss? No, do you reckon he would be able to verify? I'd be pretty confident that he would be able to. I believe we probably started talking about work very soon after and I think he had a meeting at about 7.30 with one of our other managers. So I believe he probably would remember that he was talking to me before that meeting so he would know I was there before 8 o'clock. So you've worked during the morning and then you've had lunch? I think it was about 12.30. I was back to work just after 1 o'clock. And you left work at about 4 o'clock? 3.15. I'm like clockwork some days. So 3.15 I would have been out the door. Actually probably about 3.18 because as I was walking out the door my boss and his manager asked me some questions about something that was raised in one of their meetings they had just got out of. So I remember looking at my phone and seeing that I had 10 minutes to get my train. So it was 3.18 on the dot that I walked out the office. So you didn't catch the bus? No I always catch the train to my car. And then you get in the car and go. Yep. So you got home at about. No it would have been just after, probably just after 4. Traffic was light yesterday so it would have been probably by 10 past 4 at the latest. And for dinner last night you had a baked hot pot? No that was my lunch yesterday. I was actually a bit worried about having that for lunch because it was cooked last Friday but it was definitely spag bol that I had for dinner last night because it was my dad's wife's, one of her favourite dishes so I made sure that we had it last night. Luckily she likes something simple. Did you drink any alcohol last night? Nope. And when your dad left, did you watch TV for a while? Actually dad was staying with us last night so when he went to bed I actually had finished what I was doing and I sat down and watched some TV. And you went to bed at about 11? No not that late last night, it probably would have been 10.30 I was in bed at the latest. Yeah. Ok I'm going to ask you another question and I'll come back and name him. Sure. What is your name? No comment. What is your address? No comment. What is your date of birth? No comment. What is your favourite food? No comment. Today's Saturday? No comment. Where were you last night? No comment. What type of car do you own? No comment. Are you meeting with Mary Phillips? No comment. Dog? No comment. What time did you meet? No comment. How many keys do you have? No comment. What is your AMR? No comment. Who is your favourite author? No comment. Is the grass growing? No comment. Where did you have lunch? No comment. What is your favourite sport? No comment.