 yesterday. What's today? Wednesday. Tuesday. I got up earlier yesterday at about 5.30. I got up about 5.30, got ready to work, went to the walk to the bus stop and got off a bit earlier than I normally do so I could walk a bit further to work, get a bit more exercise. So I walked in to work. It's a bit more muggy than I remember it normally being at that time of the morning. I got to work, checked my emails, did a bit of web surfing and then I started doing my work and other colleagues came in and we chatted and then we all did our work and I didn't even go out for lunch. I just ate lunch at my desk. Then at my normal time I went and picked my boys up from daycare, went home, made dinner, ate dinner, went through the evening. I went, did the usual routine of you know, bathing, bed, then sat on the lounge and enjoyed about an hour before I got to go to bed. So that was about my day yesterday. I was watching TV and on the computer. It was, yes I do because it was, well it wasn't, we weren't actually watching TV, we were watching something we taped and it was my husband had taped that show Housos which I'd never seen before and I remember it quite well because it was quite an interesting show to watch. Yes. Probably got off, went, I actually never turned the TV off, I remember now because I remember the clock when it turned off. It was about 20 to 10 but I probably didn't get into bed about till about 10-ish. Nope. No, I was, what was I doing? I was trying to find wardrobe carcasses and wardrobe doors. On the computer, yep. And also, no I've just got onto my Yahoo mail, onto my mail, checked my mail. On Monday, probably very similar, very similar routine. I probably got up, I actually came to work a bit earlier and I walked a bit further than I normally do to. Did work, just worked all my normal time at work and just went home, picked the boys up from daycare and went home. Actually on that day my husband left work early so we picked him up, he had to drive his work car to a station so we picked him up from there, went home, my brother came over to pick something up from our house and then we had dinner, normal evening routine, bathing the boys, getting into bed and probably had an hour or so to relax afterwards before I went to bed myself. Yes. What do you mean as in out socialising or out of the house? Socialising, no, no. We had someone came, my brother-in-law and a couple of my nieces came over to help us do some reno work but other than that I don't think I went anywhere social. No, no, I don't think I did. Definitely not a big event, no dinners or anything like that. No, it would have been 5.30am. Not unusual but I usually, it was about half an hour earlier than I normally do. I did. Eight minutes. I did actually, well I caught the bus to Westmead train station and walked to work from there through Parramatta Park which is absolutely gorgeous at that time of morning. Lots of people running around and doing their exercise. No, no, I walked, yeah, no, definitely had to walk. It was actually quarter to seven because I timed it, it was half an hour from getting off the bus to getting to my desk. My husband's at still at home. Yes, yes, yeah. Well, no, I can't sign on until seven so, and I actually don't, yeah, when I put my hours on I have to start at seven so I just happened to be here at quarter to seven. That's why I was doing some web surfing. Yep. Well, I didn't actually go out for lunch so I don't think I actually looked at the time. I just, when I got hungry, I think it was probably, I probably was eating something at about quarter to one, maybe 12.30, quarter to one but I ate at my desk so it wasn't really a full break so I can't really remember the time specifically. Yes, it was leftovers. No, it would have been quarter past three because I have to get my train at 3.28 at Parramatta Station. Four minutes. It's only two stations that I get off at. Yeah, I was in the third carriage. Third carriage, second door. It's the quickest one to get off at the station I need to get off at. Yeah, lots of school kids actually that time of day, yeah. Probably, I mean, well, if there were no school kids it probably wouldn't be that many people, you know, it would be a light a light commuter kind of train but lots of school kids that time of day. Yes, lots of noise. Well, only general talking, not screaming or any arguments or anything, it's just general. Lots of people, lots of young kids so there was probably a bit of noise. No, I stayed at the door, around the door or in the little spot that's on the same level when you walk in to the side. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll probably stand. Yeah, yeah. No, no, not that I remember, no. Yeah, there was a couple different school kids on. There was Parramatta High, they're a white shirt with blue, well mainly they were girls, they had a white shirt with blue skirt and I did notice they had a logo saying Parramatta High. I'm not actually that familiar with the high schools around here so out of curiosity I do kind of look at what they wear. There was a boy who, I don't know, he didn't have a logo but he had a blue shirt and some blue school pants on but he was talking to a friend who had a white shirt on and he didn't have a logo so I'm not sure where they were from. And there's also a lot of, at Westmead, a lot of the Catherine Macaulay School students get on and they are, the girls wear like blue and maroon but mainly a blue uniform with sort of maroon trimming. Good question, I can't remember now. Yes. No, it's all, it's, no, they're all pretty keep to themselves sort of thing. I've never, I can't remember really ever hearing much on that sort of, on that train that I get, any kind of conflicts going on at all. No, no, they're all pretty quiet. I mean they talk, they're talking stuff but they're all kind of talking amongst themselves. It's just the volume makes it noisy but there's no fighting or any sort of thing. No, not at all. No. No. No. Not that I know. No, I picked up the car at the station, went and got the kids and then drove home. He does? Yes. Actually on, yesterday would have been just after four, about ten past at the latest. Probably about half an hour later I started cooking dinner. Yeah, ah no probably about ten. Would have been closer to ten o'clock last night. No comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment.