 Weekends are so much harder to remember than weekdays. It was Sunday yesterday? Yes, Sunday. Okay, so I probably got up around 6.30ish, unfortunately. I have two walking and screaming alarms. So I would have got up about 6.30. The hubby is a bit unwell actually, so I think he stayed in bed. So it was just me and the boys up, so we probably had some breakfast, I made a cup of tea, and we had all these jobs planned for the day in terms of reno-y kind of house things. Mowing the lawns was one of them. And so I took my youngest to the shop early, before we was about, yeah that's right, it was about 9. So it took me probably an hour to get ready to do that from breakfast to get them dressed, both boys dressed, get stuff together and go out. So probably about 9 o'clock I went out to the shops to try and finish my Christmas shopping. Then we went to Castle Towers, and then we went to the hub, and then by then it was about 11.30, so we went home, had some lunch. Then at about, oh that's right, I then painted both boys' doors, put a coat on that and another door to a cupboard, and then put the little one to bed for his afternoon sleep. And then while he was asleep I had to go to Bunnings for more paint, and I did a couple of other bits of shopping at the local mall, and I had to go get some dog food, that's what it was. And then I came back and I painted for probably an hour and a bit, I can't really remember. Boys were up so we did all that kind of stuff. I think I kept painting through the afternoon because my older son said, Mum you're always painting. So I probably kept painting then and didn't do much else. Dinner, dinner bed, dinner bath bed, and sat on the lounge with my husband last night. Yes, yes, yes I did. It was something we taped, it was on ABC from a couple of weeks ago, the new remake of Upstairs Downstairs. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's been on a couple of weeks. Yeah, I can't remember. No, I can't remember. Yeah, it wasn't too bad. I never saw the original, but it was alright, it was possibly a little slow, but I think it's kind of trying to do the, staying slightly faithful to the original, but getting to know the characters and stuff. But we taped I think last week and hopefully we'll do it again this week to see how the series goes. But before we actually watched that, because I was doing some stuff, my hubby was watching the guys who joined the French Foreign Legion or something, some training, really macho stuff. He wasn't that into it, so he turned it to that. I think it was about 10.30, it's usual time for us. Yeah, it would have been about 10.30 at least. I can't remember. I know I didn't have lunch or even breakfast yesterday. What did I have for dinner last night? I'm trying to picture us sitting down eating dinner. Oh, sausages. That's right, we were supposed to have some friends over for lunch yesterday, but of course Dylan was sick. We cancelled that and we ate the lunch stuff, that's right. Yeah, sausages for dinner instead of lunch. No, I actually just ate two sausages. My children did, they had vegetable, but I just ate sausages. No, they had salad. I had vegetables. Just the sausages, sorry. It was too much effort to anything else. No, I was out. While I was out and when you got halfway through the lawns, the lawnmower broke, so my husband made some potato salad, which we were also going to have for lunch yesterday. So he made that, so I think I picked at that a little bit through the day, through the afternoon. But I didn't have time for such things. They had what I call quesadillas. So they're like tortilla wrap, little mini ones with cheese and tomato sauce and you put them in a, just dry heat them in a frying pan. They're like toasted sandwiches almost, but they're on tortillas. They love them, they call them pizzas. And they had that and some potato salad and something else, some other kind of stuff, they're home for lunch. It's really good. Lots of tomato sauce is the key. Yeah, like a toasted cheese sandwich, but on tortillas. I picked it up when I lived in the States, it was a good thing, dipping in your soup and stuff. On the wraps, you know when you have burrito wraps or something, those tortillas, so you put it in there like a sandwich and you just, it only takes, literally I can do like two in five minutes. So you just heat them in a fry pan while the cheese melts and yeah, it's really good. Yeah, I can imagine. 6.30, yeah I wish. 6.30. No, my husband, he's got the flu. Well, I would think so, but he's had it for a week, so I'm kind of believing him now. He's actually homesick today. And he's got, possibly, I don't know. Actually, if it was only a week or so, he's had it for ages. It's terrible. Today. Ah, no. Had to get there early for the parking. 9, I think I left. Yeah, because I got there just after 9 and I found out, I thought the shops weren't going to open until 10, but they opened at 9, so that was good. Maybe about 9.30, but we left at 9, right on 9. The Hub. Oh, the Hub. Yeah. Oh, is that what it's called? The Castle Hub. Yeah, that thing on Victoria Avenue where the good guys and all those other kind of places, Toys R Us and other places, the Hub. I think it's the Hub. They call it, all the advertising says the Hub. Its full name, I don't know. Not the club, no. No drinking premises. Um, no. It might have been closer to 11.30. So it was before, just before my little one's lunchtime, so probably a bit closer. Nah, internal doors. Yeah, bedroom doors, internal doors, cupboards and cupboard doors and things like that. Once or twice. But the Hubby was playing interference, so. And they only took about 15 minutes each to do, so it wasn't too bad. Oh, we were painting. I don't think it's been painted. We moved in about, just almost a year ago now, and a lot of the stuff was quite aged in terms of the painting, so we've updated. And that was the last, it's all done now. It's got to get the last of the paint off my hands and it's done. Bunnings. Bunnings, yeah, I don't have a Minotaur close to me. I'm not that big a fan of Bunnings, but they're the closest. I know that they do overprice some of their product on some things, yeah, from previous experience. They do renovations, like you might want only one little thing of something to do with it, but they have it in a pack of 30, which you can go to somewhere like Mitre 10 or another hardware store and they'll sell them all individually and you can just buy what you want a lot cheaper. Magnet Mart. No, I've not heard of that. Magnet Mart, no, definitely not. Where are they? Oh, okay. Yeah, I've heard they're going into business, into hardware, but I haven't seen any, I don't know what their shops are, but I've definitely heard that, yeah. Oh, interesting. Coles. Yeah, I don't know the local shop, but the local shop for me is a little mall in Winnie Hills, so it's Coles. I do more often, I don't go to Coles actually for dog food because Woolies doesn't have the dog food that I usually eat. They usually eat, I don't eat the dog food. And bones, because Woolies don't have dog marrow bones either. Oh, we've got two dogs, so one every day or every other day, maybe every two or three days. They've got very smelly breath. No, allergic to cats, yeah. I like them, but I'm allergic to them. My little boy would love a cat, he keeps asking for it, so maybe one day. And one of our dogs would probably chase it, hunt it down, so. Very sweet dog, but loves chasing. No. No, I've been thinking about fish, but no fish. No other animals. Sausages, sausages, yeah. Rain. No, it was pouring rain, so we, was it raining? It might have been. Anyway, the husband, he did the cooking, he didn't feel like going outside to the barbie, so we just did it on the stove. No, no, I didn't cook dinner. I think I was still painting. That's what I was doing, painting. Oh, okay, what was it? Well, it was ABC, but it was taped, it was something we'd recorded from previous, but yeah, ABC, I'm pretty sure is the channel. Oh, no, not that late, about 10.30 am. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. comment, not comment, not comment, not comment.