 Okay, when I first got up, I can't actually remember yesterday that well. I got up, got dressed, oh I didn't have to iron my shirt because I'd ironed that the night before. Let me see, I had a glass of apple juice and then, yep, got dressed, had my apple juice, came out to the car and drove to work. I've parked in the nearest car park, which is a bit more expensive, but I've done that because, oh actually, I beg your pardon, sorry, yesterday morning, sorry, I got up a little bit earlier because I had to drop my car off, that's right. I was just going through my normal routine, but I drove my car up to the garage, which is about, it was about eight, nine k's away from where I live, and dropped that off and then got a lift back to the station and I was thinking about catching a bus but I didn't know what time the buses came, so I ended up getting a taxi, which was fairly expensive, and got to work a little bit early, which was good because that meant I could leave a little bit earlier to pick up my car. Yep, so once I got to work, I started work, working on the computer, so I have been noticing a little bit recently that my eyesight, I'm getting, I'm actually getting long-sighted and so I'm not focusing on the screen as well as I used to be able to. Ah, yes, I've been coming to terms with this, so I probably should go and see an optometrist at some stage, maybe over the next three to six months, I think. It hasn't affected me that badly so far, but I'm guessing that with these things you never really know, they might, it might take a long time to develop or it might just come all of a sudden. So, yeah, so that was it. Let me see, I had morning tea, had my dried bread, my toast, sorry, I was pretty crook last week, which, with possible food poisoning, and now I've just gotten used to having the dry bread for morning tea, so, which is good in a way. Yep, then I had lunch. What did I have for lunch? What was yesterday? Monday. Oh, that's right, I found a tin of tuna in my drawer, so I had tuna sandwiches, which I hadn't had for a while, and that's pretty good. I don't mind tuna sandwiches. Then, yep, the afternoon sort of went fairly quickly. Then I went and picked up my car and paid for my car, and that was, that was pretty expensive, I don't mind saying, but in a way it's good because I've got the car registered now, or actually it's not registered yet, but I've got everything I need to have done to have it registered, and when the rego falls due on the 1st of January, that's important to have done before the end of the year, because I've left it to last minute a couple of times, and it's not worth the hassle, it really isn't. Too much stress, almost as much stress as Christmas. So I've got that done. I haven't done any Christmas shopping yet, which is a little bit scary, nothing unusual, but so let me see. So I picked up my car, I nearly dropped in on the local shopkeeper, but I thought, no, I'll probably give them a Christmas card, so I didn't take the time then to do that. Then I came home, and actually I lay down and had a bit of a nap while there was, while the storm was going on. It's a pretty, pretty bad storm yesterday, lots of thunder and lightning. I just lay down, because my flat's pretty dark, and when it's overcast, I mean it's dark on a bright day, when it's overcast it's just like midnight when I walk in at four o'clock in the afternoon, and that's sort of, it's a bit annoying because it's, it has actually affected my daily rhythm, and, but I had a bit of a nap, and then got up at about, I woke up, I was sort of dozing. I got up at about, it must have been about eight o'clock, so I was probably dozing for a couple of hours, got up at about eight, made some dinner. Let me see, what did I have? I had some ham, tomato and beetroot for dinner, and yeah, then I turned the computer on, logged onto the internet, and I think I checked the weather to see where, where the storms were, because I don't get a good connection when, when there's storms around. Let me see, and then I played a few online games, and, and that was pretty much it. Oh, didn't get to bed till about 2.30, I think, 2.30, could have even been a little bit later. Yes and no, I wasn't tired, because I had my nap, and that's, this is the thing, that's the hard thing, so, and that's the annoying thing, it's, it's sort of a, and it's a very hard cycle to break out of, or I find difficult to break out of, because when I get home and it's dark, I could do housework, I probably should do housework, actually I should do housework, but yes, it's, yeah, I will need to do that at some time this week, for sure, but I have to plan my shopping, you see, otherwise I just, I impulse buy, and that's not good. Oh, it's fun, but I can't afford to impulse buy at the moment, got to plan it fairly well. Seven, yep, yep, that's right. Apple, no, just apple juice. I do, but I normally don't get up in time to eat anything. If I can, I will, but again, I, for morning tea, no, largely because I haven't bought any to bring to work, so not really, no. Must have been just after 7.30, around 7.30? Yes, yep, no, no, from the, from the station, I, I got a taxi, went to the taxi rank and got a taxi. It depends, and it's very variable. At that time of day, it took, well, let me see, it must have taken 30 minutes. I got here at about 10 past eight. Let me see, coming in, I paid cash. I don't think he did. I think he asked me if I, if I wanted a receipt or needed a receipt, and I said no, I can't do anything with it. I'll just throw it out, so, okay, no, that's not correct. No, no, apart from the, apart from any record that the taxi driver might have held, I don't think there's any way I can. Yes, let me see, it was, now the fare came to $32 something, and I gave him two twenties. It was tuna. I do, I prefer tuna, not salmon, just the tuna. No, no, I don't recall doing that at all. I did think about it, but I decided not to, because I had enough food at home and I didn't need to get anything else at that point. It was a bit earlier than that. It was about eight, I think, when I woke up. No, no, I had ham, tomato and beetroot. It was tinned beetroot, but fresh tomato. No, no, just on the plate. No, I do have a Facebook profile. No, it was a bit later than that. It was about 2.30, I think, from memory. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.