 Yesterday morning, I would have woken up about 5.30, got up, had a shower, had a shave, shower, got dressed for work and had some juice at home and drove to work. So, left home about 10 past 6, drove to work, got here about, got to work about a quarter to 7. Oh, during the day, okay. It was probably just, let me think, it was a long time ago yesterday. Had some meetings in the morning, which took up a fair portion of the morning and pretty much the rest of the day was tied up with paperwork, doing, doing, putting things, looking up things on the computer and putting things onto the computer. Yesterday, about 12 o'clock, I had a grilled chicken sandwich with lettuce, cheese and sweet chilli sauce. I did buy that. I really wanted to have hot chips, salt and pepper calamari, but I thought I should try and have something remotely resembling a healthy lunch. About half past 12, so had lunch about 12 to 12.30 and then just back into the office for the rest of the afternoon. About 4 o'clock and drove a colleague home who'd been away for, on a work trip and he had his travelling stuff with him, so I gave him a lift home and then home myself and took the chance and did mow the lawns. I'd been putting that off on the weekend and thought, well, try and get in before it rains, so managed to do that. Quarter to 5, had a shower, trying to think, yesterday, had a shower, had some dinner and watched some TV. Well, it was an easy dinner. Cooked up some ham and eggs, about 7.30. I watched a program I'd recorded. It was a prison show from, was looking at life in prisons and it was a prison in Belgium and a prison in Scotland and they were interviewing inmates at both of those prisons. I watched that, I think I started watching that around quarter to 8 and I think that was about an hour after you fast forward all through the ad and I don't know, actually, what I started to watch was, there was a program called Frozen Planet on, which I watched on Sunday night and I was captivated with and it was advertised that it was going to be on Wednesday night as well and I thought it was a new episode, so I'd recorded it and it turned out just to be a repeat of Sunday. So that's when I watched the prison show. About quarter to 9, I was just flicking around to see what was on and I started to watch a program called Killing Time. I think it's called Killing Time with David Wenham. It was a story about a Melbourne lawyer and old age got the better of me about 9 o'clock and I knew that show was going to go for a couple of hours, so I snuck off to bed. I always read and had a read for a little while. I'm reading a novel. I always just read, I just read trashy crime novels sadly and I read for probably half an hour, went to sleep. Yeah, not, somewhere between 9.30 and 10. 5.30. No, no, no, I had a juice at home and I bought some bread to work and I have, I make some toast at work. Honey. That's a work car. No, about 10 past 6. No, about quarter to 7. 10 to 7, something like that. Yep. I'd say that's not true. Cause I got to work about quarter to 7, 10 to 7. Well, I have an access pass, so that would, that would clearly record me entering the building. I couldn't speculate on what, why this colleague said that. I don't know. I don't know what they saw or think they saw, but I know what time I got to work. Nah, about 12 o'clock. I would have if, if that's what I'd actually had, but I had a sandwich. That would be about right. Yep. I probably should have, but no, I did the lawns. Made the lawns. A bit, bit over two hours. Had a shower and then had some dinner. Nah, dinner was about 7.30. Ham and eggs. Ham and eggs, yeah. Yep. No, Belgium and Scotland. Yep. That's correct. I'd say pretty unremarkable. I don't remember seeing, I don't specifically remember seeing a cyclist. If I, I could have, but I don't, I can't specifically remember seeing one at a particular location. No. Not specifically, no. Nah, it ****** me. Oh yeah, I was the driver of the car. I'd say that's not true. I think there are, yeah. I'd say it's very interesting because it didn't happen. No. Be parked down in the garage. No. Er, within the last couple of days. Not recently, no. No. Yeah, that's fine. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Not yet. No comment.