 Yesterday, yesterday, it was a long time ago. Got up about half past five in the morning, got ready, had a shower and shave, got ready for work. Got picked up, one of my colleagues picked me up and we drove another, picked another colleague up on the way to work and came to work. Yesterday, what did we do? I was in the office in the morning, working in the office. Had to slip out mid-morning, went to the bank mid-morning and basically it was an office day doing paperwork in the office, finished work at four o'clock and went home and just palled around, watched telly, had some dinner and went to bed, read a book, went to sleep. About 10 to nine, I think it was. I can, I do. I started to watch a show called Killing Time, but it was a repeat, so I stopped watching that. And then I watched a thing on Channel 7 about the Queen Mary 2, a bit of a documentary on the ship. And then I watched a show from New Zealand about car crash investigations. And then I went to bed. I do, yeah, it's good. It's been, I don't know how many different ways I can do that story of Wall Street. It's been hit so many times. 20 to five, a colleague dropped me home. No, sometimes I do. No, no, no. Yesterday, I had a grilled chicken with lettuce, cheese and sweet chilli sauce on a sandwich. No, I purchased it, 7 a.m. I did, went to a barbecue, about 4.30 in the afternoon. Went with my wife, we drove, about an hour and 20 minutes. Long way for a barbecue. So I think just somewhere about 2.30, quarter to three, somewhere in that neighborhood. No, no, in the afternoon. Is this Saturday? About in the afternoon, left around 2.30, quarter to three, something like that. Yeah. Quarter to nine, nine o'clock, somewhere in that neighborhood. Somewhere close to 10.30. We shared the driving 50-50. I drove there and my wife drove home. I just, yeah. I was a tired tiger, went straight to sleep. 5.30. Sadly, yes. No, one person, one colleague picked me up and we collected another on the way through. No, just before seven. Oh yeah, I've got my duty book that says that and people in the office would have seen me coming in around that time. And I suppose my pass entering the building would show that. I'd say he's probably drunk. Yep. I certainly wouldn't want to test my life on the records of the New South Wales Police. I was certainly here at seven. In the office, yeah. I did, yep. Went for a coffee somewhere around 8 a.m. for 15, 20 minutes. Went next door, just had a coffee and then went out about, I don't know, quarter to 10, 10 o'clock, something like that. Went across to the bank at Parramatta. Yesterday, no, no, no. About 12. No, no, that was purchased next door. I wish I could make a sandwich like that from home, but no, it was purchased. I could. No, no, no. I finished work at four and got home about 20 to five. Now I got a lift from a colleague for dinner. Did a barbecue, some steak, and we had some salad and frozen chips. Heated, of course. Terrible. It was not good barbecuing weather. Nah, about 10 to nine I was in. 10 to nine, went to bed and read my book for a while. Yes. It's about, it's a trashy crime novel of a English set in England. The husband, who's a criminal, and then his wife is left to pick up the reins of his criminal empire. And she reluctantly picks the reins up. Yeah, we did get about 4.30, yeah. I wish. About an hour and 20. That's correct. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. NYE comment...