 Okay, yesterday morning I woke up at about 4.30am, I turned the radio on, had a listen to the radio for a while. I then turned the radio off and went back to sleep for about another half an hour. I then woke up and Alan Jones was on on the radio and I was listening to him go off about the carbon tax. Listened to that for some time. I then got up and made myself some breakfast. In doing that I got a plate out of the cupboard, rinsed it as I normally do because I'm staying in motel accommodation. Got my nice forks out and prepared myself some breakfast and then sat there and listened to the radio and had my breakfast as I did. After that I then prepared myself for work for the day, showered, got ready and then walked, left the building and walked along Charles Street to police headquarters. I then entered the building and then attended level eight. I arrived there about quarter to eight and I waited for my colleagues to attend after which Margaret Alloway attended with the paperwork for the day. You want to continue on? Okay, at the commencement of the day we then were allocated marking for the sergeant's EP. We call the, it's like an eligibility program for the sergeants to be promoted. We then started marking sheets. We've moved into a section now called the review which whereby we review their, if somebody for instance challenges a mark they may have received in relation to one portion, for instance decision making or something like that or report writing. We then go through and then we analyse their results and reallocate another score and that's what I did basically throughout the rest of the day, as boring as it may seem. But I'm part of a team that's been brought together for the next period of next four weeks and we've come from all over in all different areas, commands. I come from the country area. I'm working with police who work from the city commands or specialist commands as well. So it's quite a variety of experience on the marking table and the review team but it's an important process and it's basically what it's doing. It's looking at people fit for promotion for the future and it's part of a major succession planning process in the New South Wales Police. We finished work around about 3.30 at the office. By the time we cleaned up and I left the building around about four, then I walked back to my room, got changed and then I put on some walking gear and went for a walk up into the main street of Parramatta, up into Charles Street which is a real rabbit warren up there. It's like a bargain bazaar. For me coming from the country, it's a totally different experience. So I went to buy some aftershave, believe it or not, but it was just so confusing. There was just the shops that had busier people. I just had to walk around. Then I went up and bought this little Chinese paper shop up in one of the alleys up there. For a bit of luck, I'm a bit superstitious, so I always go there and buy a lotto ticket. And I went in there and bought a lotto ticket. Walked back out. There was all the usual characters out in the esplanade there. They've got like a park and things like that. It's just full of characters. So I walked back then and walked back to my room. Had a sit down for a while in the cool, in the air conditioner, after which then about quarter past five, I then got up, got changed again, walked back up to the Castle Ray Hotel. Met one of my... Sorry, not the Castle Ray, it's Commercial. Sorry, I've got to know where I am. The Commercial Hotel. And I met one of my workmates up there. And we had a few beers and some tea till about eight o'clock. We then left and parted. And I walked back to my room. I watched television for about an hour and a half. I think the last thing I watched was Gruen World on ABC. Got a bit tired of that. And then I went to bed, listened to the radio for a while, and fell asleep with the radio on as I normally do. And that was my day. It would have been about 9.30. While I'm in Sydney, I'm trying to catch up with some sleep. Yeah, it would have been about 5.30, yes. No, no, I woke up about 4.30 before that. Turned the radio on, try and catch the news. But what happens is they have the shock jocks on. And in Sydney, I like to listen to them. I don't get them at home. But I listen to the shock jocks. And then at five o'clock, Jones comes on, I listen to him. He was going off about the carbon tax. I had Wheaties, orange juice, and a cup of coffee. I listened to Alan Jones on the radio. I'd had the radio on while I just got my clothing ready for work. And I had made my breakfast. I walk. I'm only about five minutes from here. I'm staying at the Merritton down the corner there. Quite cosmo down there. It's just full of Chinese, Asians. It's unbelievable for me. It's a different environment for me to live in. No, no, no, no. Well before that, probably about 20 to 8. No, sergeant, CP. No, four weeks. No, no, we eat while we work. Brought into us. That's how committed we are to the process. We sit there and eat while we work. So they bring us some sandwiches. And actually we had some sausage rolls as well. No, no, that's provided. Lunch is provided. No, no, finished work at approximately, we left the building around about four. No, I walked. No, I walked up from Merritton back to Charles, back to George street. It's cool. It's like a shopping precinct. Yes. I walked Charles, left Charles street from the police headquarters straight down to my front door. So I went into my building and I left and that's George on the corner of George and Charles. So then I left that building and I walked out along George street. Yeah. George street. And that's like shopping and all that way. And then I can't think of the name. It's all like shopping centers up furthest like dollar shops and yeah, all the $2. No, no Chinese. I think they're Chinese. They're Asian. Anyway. Yeah. It's in an arcade. Yes. No lotto lotto. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I still haven't redeemed yet. So it could be the one all the time. Lottery and lotto. Yeah. I had to walk around. Yes. I walked straight back down George street to back to Charles street. And yeah. And then I went and had a rest because it was so hot. I sat for a while and just turned the television off for a little while. And then I got changed again and then came back up and met one of my workmates up here at the, at the commercial hotel, which is up here near the big bus transit. No, no, sorry. The castle right. Sorry. That's in Dubbo. That was an error. I'm sorry. It was a commercial hotel here. I had, yeah. I had a number of lovely cooling aisles in the form of rushes, which was great. Yeah. Just want to come to Sydney. Yeah. Beautiful fish. I watched the gruelling transfer. I think it's called the gruelling planet or something. And I think, and I tired of that after a while. And I, yeah, I then went to bed and I don't read when I go to bed or anything like that. I just like to listen to the radio. And I don't TGV and I went to sleep no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment now. No comment.