 Um, yesterday when I first woke up, I got up and my wife was already up. Went out and said hello to her, she was on the internet. Um, and I started doing some housework. I went to the kitchen and finished off some washing up and stuff that we didn't do from the night before. And I think I put another load of washing on, started that. And then my wife made me a cup of hot water with lemon in it. And we went back to bed and drank that and just had a chat. And then we heard the paper boy, so we went out and bought the papers off the paper boy, who was my nephew. And we had to chase him, found him two streets away, so we bought the papers, came back to the house. And when we spoke to my sister-in-law and nephew, we'd made plans to go and see sculptures by the sea at Bondi later in the afternoon. We got back home and we did our meditation for 20 minutes or so. Then we got up from that and continued, you know, folding, washing and doing whatever the housework that needed to be done. And then we went and had a little nana nap and got up from that. And my wife spoke to her sister and we decided not to go to the sculptures by the sea. So we went to Paddy's Market and bought our fruit. Then we went to the fruit and veg. Then we went to the fish market at Piermont and bought some fish, three different types of fish. Then we left there and went to the shopping centre and did our grocery shopping. Got home about six o'clock, sat down, watched the news. Oh, sorry, before that, we got home about five o'clock, went, bought the shopping inside and we have a worm farm. So we'd, that's what I'd done earlier in the day, had put the food that we'd saved for the worms through the food processor. And then when we got home, took that down into the garage where the worms are and fed the worms, put some rubbish out. Went back upstairs and watched the news. Then started getting, preparing for dinner and having, cooking our evening meal and preparing food for our lunches. Made a guacamole, put the rest of the groceries away and the television was on while we were doing that. Then we had our dinner and watched a couple of shows off the DVD and then went to bed. Read a newspaper for a little while and then went to sleep about ten o'clock. About half past nine until about ten o'clock or thereabouts. Sex and the City. A couple of the episodes from Series One. Series One, Disc Two. Eight o'clock, correct? Yes. No, he doesn't actually come onto our street. We hear him through our back window and we have to chase two streets across to get him. Yes. No, my sister-in-law was with him. She does the paper, I'm with him. Yes, yes. And then had breakfast. After the meditation. Porridge yesterday? Oats and then cook it up. No. No, it's like a big box and you measure out. No. With water. Yes. I don't know what she was doing. Probably looking at stuff that she looks at. I did some mining actually, yeah. I did, I didn't say that but I did some mining. Yes, yes. The lemon tea was the first thing in the morning, yes. Yes. No, no. Only had it once in the morning, the first time. Before we went and got the papers? The lemon tea, yeah. But we went back to bed a bit later and had a little nap in the middle of the day. It's hot water with a slice of lemon. No, no. Yes, yes. We do the sculptures by the sea walk along the coast. No, no. It's on a, it's Parkland from Bondi South, I'm not sure where it goes to. And there's just all different sort of sculptures in the Parkland, so it's on the coastal area. No, no, no. It's only there for a short time. It's there for I think three or four weeks. Every, this time each year. It's part of the Sydney Festival. Oh, all sorts of things. There's paper mache, there's steel that's welded, there's, yeah, all different materials, all different shapes and sizes, all different things. No, it's not out of sand. Yes. No, we had breakfast before the NanoNap. As soon as we got back from the papers, we did the meditation and then we had breakfast. No, I had porridge. About one o'clock? No. We didn't have lunch yesterday. Yes. Correct, at Pyrmont. Yes. Yes, we also went to, I needed a new ironing board cover, so I went to Target and got the ironing board cover. Did the groceries at Coles. I was about five. Got home. The worms in the worm farm, where they, their waste is called castings and they also produce liquid, so there's a solid, which is waste, and a liquid waste, and the liquid waste we just put into bottles and then dilute and just give to people. It's fantastic fertilizer. So is the castings. It's just full of nutrients. Worm wee and worm poo. It's unbelievable for the gardens. They do both in big quantities. Yes. I live in a block of flats, so there's seven car spaces on either side, so there's mostly, they're full of cars. We've got a shelf in the garage where we've got a garden hose and a few, the car washing bucket and a couple of pot plant things and a plastic tub full of worm juice. It's an enclosed area. You come up a back laneway, there's a roller door and there's the garage area. There's also a bike, a small area for bike racks. There's two parking spaces for loading zones because there's commercial premises in the building and there's a garbage room, residential garbage room and a commercial garbage room. There's a door on the bottom, so it's, you need a key or a buzzer to access the room. Yes, they can. The worms, it's a black plastic. It's not glassware. No, there's no chemical, there's no laboratory or any of that sort of chemical material. Yes. And last night we had a baked chicken with mashed turnip, parsnip and carrot and some zucchini and that was it last night. Yes, yes. It's a big open space. There's not an individual cage for each space. It's a big space. Correct. About five o'clock. Yes. Groceries upstairs? No, just parked the car and took the stuff upstairs. Where I park, there's a wall on the left and we've got two cars and we rent a car space from the other tenants, so my other car was next to it. Yes. No. Yes. Correct. Yes. Yes. No. There were no incidents. Nothing. No. I didn't do that. There was no car beside me when I left. It was vacant. Correct. Yes. I know that. Well, you must have been looking at it another day because when I left yesterday, there was no car next to me. No, there was a car when I pulled in, but nothing when I left. 100% positive. Did not hit a car when I left. It's in my car park area where I live. Sure. Yes. What else did you leave any? Funny stuff, but I like the trailer, more thanbut nothing anymore. The cars alone are fine. That was tickles. Were they wheels friendly or weird? No comment No comment. No comment.