 Yesterday morning I woke up about 10 to 6 when the alarm went off. First thing I do when I get up is respond to the cat who's usually calling. Go and give her some food and a little scratch on the ear. Then I put the kettle on and made a hot drink with lemon, just sliced a lemon in some hot water. Then I went and had a shower and got myself ready for work. Before the shower I took the cup of lemon into my wife so she could have a drink. Took my cup of lemon water into the bathroom, had a shower and then got dressed for work. After that I went back into the kitchen and started getting breakfast ready. So I cut up some strawberries and got some blueberries out of the fridge and put that into a bowl. Then got breakfast and lunch ready for my wife and I. So I put all of that into the containers and got some yogurt out of the fridge and made the two piles of food for the day. While that was happening I had the television on and was just watching the news and listening for what the weather was going to be. As it turned out I forgot to pack the keys for my house in my bag but I didn't find that out until later in the afternoon. Then went and had a cup of tea, brushed my teeth and then left the house. Went down, got on a bus, left home about 5 to 7. Jumped on the bus, take me into Central Railway Station and then I caught a train from Central to Parramatta. The train arrived at 7.49pm at Parramatta but on the way I did a meditation on the train for 20 minutes. And then came in here to headquarters and started my day's work at 8 o'clock. And my day's work for yesterday was as an assessor on the eligibility program for sergeants. And when I walked in the two of the other fellows that were there, so we just had a good morning chat. How are you? What's happened? Then the ladies that are running the eligibility program turned up with all of the paperwork and we started doing our assessments. Continued doing that, had a few stops and chats through the day. Ate lunch, lunch gets delivered about 12. Leave the building. I think at some point in time before lunch I went down and logged on to the computer system and checked emails. Then went back up. I'm not, I didn't eat any of the lunch that was provided but I had my own lunch and then warmed up some soup in the microwave oven. Went back and sat in, by this time the other assessors had arrived, I think there were five of us yesterday. And we had lunch and continued chatting and then kept working until about 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Half past three thereabouts, finished, then went back downstairs to the computer room, logged back on to the email, rang the office and spoke about roster issues. Then I left here, went back to the train station and got on a train, I think it was about 20 to 4, maybe a bit later. Caught the train into Central and then caught a bus to my house. Got to the front door, realised I'd forgotten the keys. Walked up to an old neighbour's house, they weren't home, then I had to go to the pub because I needed to use the bathroom. And I thought the battery on my phone was going to die so I looked for a public phone box, then I realised I didn't have enough, have any coins for the phone box. I thought I'd give my phone a try to see if the battery would last. Rang my wife, told her that I'd forgotten the keys. She said, oh well she'll come home early. So she packed up, came home and then I just sat outside the front door until she got home. Went inside and the usual stuff, you know. Again, the cat's crying and so she gets a scratch on the ear and a bit of food. We did a meditation together on the back veranda and then started getting dinner ready, cooked dinner. So, why don't we, oh that's right, my wife bought a chicken. So we both prepared dinner, had dinner about half past seven thereabouts. Watched a bit of telly, chatted. By the time I'd cleaned up the kitchen and started preparing lunches for today. Then went to bed about ten o'clock, read a book and that was pretty much my day. Yes, half past ten, about ten to six. No, it's a cat, just the one. Yes, I love dogs. No, not at the moment. No. Fruit and some cereal as well, cornflakes put in as well. Yes, mainly fruit. No rock melon, it was watermelon, pineapple, blueberries and strawberries. Yesterday's was a blueberry yoghurt. Yeah, the sunrise. Correct, yes. That was a bus to Central, then a train to Parramatta. Here at Parramatta, about eight o'clock. He might be confused. He might not be very good at telling the time. No, I got here at eight. Yes, the swipe card on the turnstiles downstairs, their data's incorrect. Well, if you do a comparison of that data with the CCTV of the Parramatta railway station, you'll see that the data here at headquarters is out. Incorrect. No, that's true. That's true, I could have, but I did not. No. We're inspectors and we're assessing people who want to become sergeants. Yes. I brought lunch with me from outside when I first arrived at 8am. Lunch is delivered into the room and the other fellows eat the delivered lunch, but I don't eat the delivered lunch. Yes. Yes. At the moment doing a blood cleansing program. Between 3 and 3.30, probably closer to 3.30. I caught the bus from Central, but I caught the train to Central. Yes. Yes. No, I'm not aware of any incidents that occurred. Interesting, but it wasn't me. I wasn't involved in any altercation. No. Correct. Yes. I went to the pub first and there was no one home. Then I went to the pub to use the bathroom. And then I asked them if they had a phone and they didn't. So I used a, went to use a public phone, but didn't have enough money. Or any coin. Yes. Correct. No, we had a roast chicken. Correct. I saw a little bit of that, but my wife doesn't like it and she turned it off. No, went to bed about 10 o'clock and then read a book. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.