 Yesterday was a work day so I get up about four o'clock in the morning, have breakfast, get organised there, listen to the five o'clock news and then walk to the railway station at home, then catch the 5.17 train from downtown Richmond. That gets me into Parramatta about 6.10 and I'm into work here at about 6.15. As soon as I get here, fire the computer up and open the emails and see how the day's going to be. That sort of sets the pace for the day. Sometimes you open up and there's nothing too much there and other times you open it up and there's all sorts of red, or the fresh emails are red, emails there from the bosses. So yeah, that sets the standard for the day. Yesterday was one of those days where you could open it and there was two or three already from the various commanders wanting detailed information that we had to supply. So yeah, I spent the day basically responding to those emails with names and numbers and stats and information required at hierarchical level. Then I worked on 15, so I had lunch about midday and eat lunch at work at the desk. I don't leave the desk. Knocked off about four o'clock and again catch the train home. It's roughly about an hour home, so I got home about half past five at night, obviously. Yesterday was the 1st of December, so I do Christmas lights and that sort of decoration. So I spent a couple of hours finishing them up. Yeah, because 1st of December we'd like to turn the display on. So yeah, spent the afternoon or a couple of hours up until dark fiddling around with them, getting them all turned on. Turned them on at a bit before eight, virtually determined by the sunlight sort of thing, fired them up, turned them on. My little granddaughter turned up at just a couple of minutes after eight. So yeah, walked around the display with her and yeah, they were there till probably about half past eight-ish. And then I watched a little bit of TV till about 10 o'clock, I suppose, and then read a couple of work-related files while I was watching TV. Went to bed about a bit after 10, I suppose. On the run. On the run. As I said, it was pretty well on a timeframe. We spend weeks getting this Christmas decorations set up. It's all determined, a lot of it's determined by the weather sort of thing. And we copped a hammering with the heavy rain last week, which set us right back. So really didn't have time to sit down and have dinner. So we just had a toasted sandwich while we're sort of reconsidering what we had to do with the lights. It's very much a plonk and see how it works. So put things around the yard and set them all up and then look at it from the other side of the road and say, no, that's not good. That's yeah, pull it down and start again. So no, there was no real time for dinner at all. Toasted cheese sandwich actually. Some point in time. It'd be a good question. We've been in the current house for 20 odd years. Just one of those things that started, I suppose, with one set of lights along the front. We've been doing them in a fairly big way for, I don't know, it'd be hard to say, probably 15 years, 10, yeah, probably 15 years. It's one of those things that just the only way we'll get out of doing it is by physically moving people now just, you know, start from September. When are you doing the lights? When are you doing the lights? This year we've only gone, yeah, we've only gone ground level. Normally the last few years we've covered the roof with various displays and helicopters and stars and all sorts of things on the roof. Just a variety of reasons, but we just went ground level sort of thing. We sort of frame the whole front yard. We've got a row of lights, you know, white lights that frames it, goes up either side fences along the roof line. And then, yeah, the whole front yard is covered with, I suppose, about a half of it's a big nativity scene and facing one direction. The other half's a traditional, you know, large Santa sort of thing. And Christmas tree and Christmas toys and reindeers and all sorts of things. Yeah, get it, yeah. As I said, people look for it. We've been doing it that long, people look for it. And you can, you know, even as you're, you know, when you're putting it up, you can see people, you know, yeah. So it's a pain to be quite honest, because the lawn's covered in all sorts of things. So you virtually can't use the lawnmower, you can't use the whippersnapper. And in this weather, the kaikou's going to grow. So you're virtually hand clipping around the various Santas. And that's the only way you can keep it down is by hand. So, oh yeah, very, very much. And where we live, we've got opposite, to the right of us, we've got a primary school and to the left of us, we've got a Catholic school. So the kids, yeah, picked and dropped off there outside our place all the time. We get away with it because we've got one of the few houses that's got a front fence. So you can shut the gates and it's a front fence that you can see through. It doesn't restrict the view sort of thing, but it stops people, yeah, wandering. I've seen some people do it, and they have people wandering around the front yard and all sorts of things. We can pretty well lock the gate and everybody gets the, it takes advantage of the view. We don't have to worry about it. So we've got it all set up on automatic pilot. It's all on time clock sort of thing. So we don't even have to turn it on overnight once we've got it set up and got it going. Only about five minutes, I walk out, as I said, I listen to the five o'clock news. In the morning, I listen to the five o'clock news. I'm pretty, yeah, a creature of habit, I suppose. Yeah. As soon as the sports comes on, I get out of my chair and yeah. So it probably takes about five minutes. That's the beauty of working in here. I don't have to worry about coming in here. There's no parking as you probably found yourself. There's no parking here sort of thing and no parking really, and no free parking anyway within miles sort of thing. Paid parking's all limited to hours sort of thing. So people have got to go and feed the motor or go and move the car. So I'm at one, two, three blocks, I suppose. So really, five, six minutes, yeah, walk around onto the station. Well, if I went the other way, it could be the first, the train starts there sort of thing. So always get a seat coming in, always get a seat, get a choice of seats. It's just, yeah, car stays at home and yeah, don't worry about it. Nothing to, yeah. Yeah, yeah, normally, normally just have, yeah, toast, coffee and toast. My main thing I have is coffee, which is, I know it's bad, but yeah. Normally just have a couple of slices of toast with, you know, peanut butter, Vegemite, something like that. I'm a creature of habit, so I do that. The large coffee, I've got to admit, large coffee as I listen to the news and then again have, I suppose, a second sort of a breakfast. You know, yeah, creature of habit. About half past seven I normally go down. That's the beauty of working here. Inside, you've got a couple of cafes, the outside sort of thing. Have a coffee and something to eat, you know, a rose and toast or something at about half past seven, quarter to eight, somewhere around there. If I don't go at that time, people say, well, you know, what's wrong with him sort of thing. Yesterday was a peanut butter. Yesterday was peanut butter and honey, actually. Yeah, oh yeah, yeah. That's the only way to have peanut butter, peanut butter and honey together on toast. Yeah, nothing better. No, no, no, I haven't. No, I'm a Vegemite person. No, no, no. Traditional, yeah, Vegemite, yeah. In Vegemite, those, yeah, again, mix and match. No, I've never tried any of those, any of those others. It's always been just straight Vegemite, brought up, Australian kid brought up on Vegemite, and still, yeah, still love it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no, I've got to say, even this morning, that's funny, even this morning, I went out with one of the inspectors this morning, so then we discussed that very, very issue, sort of. Yeah, we went outside and he couldn't get in this morning. I let him in the door, so I think he's already in the building, security had let him in the building, even into our office area. Got to have a swipe card, and he said that we were going out, sort of thing. He said, no, I've got to go and get a, got to go and get a, just a day pass, sort of thing to get in and out. No, you don't use the proper card, sort of thing. Apart from anything else, well, security issues, sort of thing, but yeah, I've lent too many things over the years, sort of thing, not security things, but tools and all sorts of things, and they never come back, sort of thing, so, yeah. Yeah, yeah, when I, yeah, quarter past six, yeah, for police, you know, the standard, well, you can't start before, the junior people can't start before six without incurring a penalty, right? So if they start earlier than six, they get a penalty allowance. A lot of them start at six o'clock. That's the beauty of sworn officers, sort of thing. We can virtually work our hours around that, sort of thing. They don't mind really what, just as long as the job gets in, they don't overly mind what time you start, what time you finish, so long as there's no financial penalty, sort of thing. So a lot of people, you know, like me, I like to start, I'm an early morning person, I suppose. I've been in the, been travelling in one way, shape, or form since I was 17, sort of thing, so I've always been on an early train, so that suits me. So I get up, get the early train, and yeah, get in, get out of here. As I said, I'm on the, always get, yeah, the 4.10 train, but the government tried to get me, they cancelled the 4.10 train, so I've either got to get one just on 4 or 4.40 now. This is part of the improved service, they cancelled the train, so. So yeah, so that gets me out, especially in the summer months, home past five, and it gives you a couple of hours to do stuff up at home, sort of thing. Whereas you start late, you're not going to mow the lawn or do anything really before you leave from home, so, more, you know, it's more beneficial to me and my lifestyle, sort of thing, so, yeah. I don't doubt for one minute that's what you were told, but yeah, I might, yeah, that'd be somebody stirring. That'd be somebody stirring, they might have said I was, yeah, yeah. Some people say I don't start work at all, yeah. No, no, no, no, they say, yeah, he was here, but he didn't start work. That's a famous, famous line, sort of thing, that, oh no, I was definitely here, 7.30, I've got to say that, you know, the only reason I wouldn't be here would be train, sort of thing, but touch wood, the trains have been, this time around, the trains have been pretty good, pretty reliable. Every, oh, having said that, yeah, they keep cancelling them and doing track works out our way, and I had a whole month of buses that replaced the trains just recently, that was a bit, and yeah, give or take, then I might have been 6.20, 6.25 because of the buses as opposed to the, as opposed to the train getting off and changing and swapping around and, yeah, traffic lights and that sort of thing that determined what time the bus got to the Blacktown railway station, but nah, nah, pretty well, religiously, I'm through the door, you know, 6.15, that's it. Nah, nah, I didn't start at 7.30, yeah. No, yesterday, no, I was home about 5.30, no, yesterday I, there's a train at 4.38, so I leave, leave here, oh, about 25 past, right, railway station's again, this end is just as close as at home, sort of thing, it's only about, yeah, well, one large block, I suppose, actually, yeah, and a half, a half a ways, I think, so I allowed 10 minutes just to get out of the building more, more so, get down the lift and get out the front door, sort of thing, and up to, up to the train, so I think so, yeah, nah, I left about 4.25 on the, what they call the 4.38 train, 9, well, what they call a nine and a half hour shift, yeah, yeah, yeah, first train, yeah, yeah, I do, creature of harrot, yeah, first train, first carriage, yesterday I would have been on, yeah, specifically on the, yeah, the first seat on the, the upper deck, it was, yeah, and that's how I remember where I, where I sat, sort of thing, because I, yeah, got on the train, it, it always is fairly crowded at, when it, by the time it gets to Parramatta, coming in's alright, going home's alright, it's not so good, sort of thing, so, yeah, I just, just walk up the stairs to see if there is any seats, and there was a, well, a young bloke there, sort of thing, that gave up and gave me a seat, he said, oh, I'm getting off at, yeah, have this one, I'm getting off at Westmead anyway, sort of thing, so, so, yeah, I know exactly where I sat yesterday, the first, first seat on the upper deck, yeah, facing the wrong way, which I don't particularly like, yeah, but, yeah, no, no, it was very good of him, actually, he could have just sat there and, yeah, yeah, no, specifically said, I'm getting off in a minute, next train, so, yeah, no, no, there wasn't, no, no, I've got to say we've been, yeah, and I've travelled on trains a lot of, lot of times, and I haven't really experienced any major, major sort of dramas or any, anything like that, coming into work yesterday morning, he wasn't, wasn't yelling, but, yeah, there was a bloke on the train yesterday morning, it was a strange kettle of fish, I just don't know what he was, what he was doing, but, yeah, every, virtually every stop, he'd got up and change seats, and, and a couple of times change, change carriages sort of thing, just, and he had a book, he was quite funny to watch, he had a book, you know, he'd get up and he'd sit on the seat and he'd get his book out and, and he'd go, you know, because the train, which, unfortunately with the Richmond line, we get all stations trains, that's just where it is, but virtually every station, he'd, you know, he'd fold his book up and, you know, get, change seat, change carriage sort of thing, and then he'd come back, yeah, and do the, do the same thing, it was, yeah, a bit strange, just, yeah, amusing to watch, I suppose, more than anything, but, no, no, I never said a word, anything to anybody, I, yeah, no, never, it was quite strange, yeah, yeah, well, strange, I guess I'm, I'm a bit of a study of, study of human behaviour, I suppose, but, well, and that comes from being in the police sort of thing, you can, and that's what you do when you go to any, any job, you sort of sum up, you know, before you walk in, or as you're walking in, you know, you're just looking at the body language and the, the face and the eyes and all those, those sort of things, that, you know, that can tell you a heap of things before, long before the person opens their mouth sort of thing, so, I suppose, as a, a police officer of 30-odd years, you become a bit of study of human behaviour sort of thing, and you've got to circum-guess just how people are going to, going to react and, yeah, that sort of thing, so. Dirty work on that, yeah, yeah, yeah, very much so. Ah, specifically, no, I don't want to correct you, but no, no, no, I, I was crook here, it's funny, yeah, funny, isn't it, yeah, you get it, I suppose, I suppose everybody does it, I was crook here, you know, a few months ago, actually, I was away with the kids, or the grandkids, more specifically, and we all, all got crook, and I just, yeah, dry toast and, and cheese was about the only thing I could eat, and, yeah, yeah, just ever, ever since, yeah, just exactly like that, simplistic, and, ah, now you've got to have something to eat sort of thing, so, no, I cannot, yeah, dry toast and, and just cheese specifically, yeah. But having said that, we've got plenty of tomatoes, because we grow, well, my wife is, we're growing tomatoes at the moment, so we've got our own tomatoes in the fridge at the moment, so. No, a bit after 10, bearing in mind I get up at 4 o'clock, 4.15 sort of thing, so a bit after 10, I was, I was in bed, sort of like, yeah. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment,