 What was yesterday? Yesterday would have been Thursday. I think I got up, I woke all the children at about 7 o'clock, including the not so child 21 year old. I said get to work. I think I had a shave, had a shower, I had Sultana brand crunch with a banana for breakfast with some orange juice and some vitamins, a cup of tea which my wife made, I ironed my shirt, packed my bags, said some goodbyes, kissed my wife on the forehead. She wanted me to kiss her on the lips but I said nah, it's not happening. I've been a bad girl lately. I walked out, got in the truck, which is a Pajero, I call it a truck, drove to work. In the rain, drove to police headquarters, tried to get a parking spot, they neglected me and said nah. So I drove to Parramatta Police Station, got a parking spot, walked upstairs, got a lift back to Parramatta Police Headquarters, walked into Level 8 where we're doing sergeants assessment centre markings and spent the first hour chatting and looking at really dodgy assessment centre papers. Then I, that lasted, sometime during the day I went and got a coffee from the cafeteria downstairs and chatted to the ladies down there because nobody ever chats to them. And I saw an old work colleague in the corridor, had a chat to him before I got in the lift. He got in and he forgot to press the button so he came to Level 8. Then he went back down to his Level 3, then I did some more assessments, then lunch came, because that's the only way they can get assessors is to supply us lunch. So I think we had mini pies and sausage rolls which were cold, so we had to heat them up and we had wraps, wraps. Oh no, that might have been the day before. Yesterday we had sandwiches. So we had sandwiches and we had sliced fruit, which is actually not bad because it's all fresh. You get that every day. Orange juice, cup of tea, water. Did some more marking. I did miss something at 10, no what's that? Yeah, 10am I went to council for an operations meeting. About Australia Day, that lasted until about 11.30. So actually I didn't do too much marking by the time I got back because lunch was already there, so I walked straight into lunch. It lasted until about 3 o'clock. Chatted some more with the blokes who were all nice blokes to chat to. Then answered a couple of phone calls throughout the day, then Shannon's rang me about my bike because it fell over in the wind and was damaged a bit, so they wanted to talk about my claim. And by the time I finished that phone call, they'd taken all the papers and I'd finished without even knowing it. So I got back on the bike and I rode back, sorry yesterday I didn't have the bike. I drove, I walked back to Parramatta, picked up my Pajero and had a chat to a couple of staff and then drove home. What time did I get home? I was trying to think. I think I waited for the boss to get home. She wanted to go to Macquarie Centre. I went and picked up my glasses, so I've got some new lenses in these glasses. That was at Eastwood. Had a chat there because I just chat a lot. Then we drove to Macquarie Centre. My young bloke picked up Modern Warfare 3 for the PS3 and one of the aspects of it didn't work, so he wanted to go and get it changed or fixed. They went there. I went to the repair place, got some pants repaired, so I dropped them in. They went and did that. I met them at the hairdresser because my wife wanted to get some stuff to make it beautiful. And then we went to Woolies, bought dinner, which were lamb chopped salad to go with it, some bread rolls. Then straight back home I think. Straight back home, cooked dinner, finished by about 10 to 8. Then we had visitors. They left about 10 o'clock, 9.30, 10 o'clock. I think I cleaned up a bit outside. I cooked the barbecue, the lamb chops on the barbecue. Cleaned up the barbecue, packed everything away. I was knackered. Checked my emails, went to bed. I think by the time I finished, about 10.50, 11.50, 11.30, somewhere between there. Didn't take much notice. I have a recollection that my wife said it's 11.30, are you going to ever go to sleep? Yeah, about that. Yeah, yep. Tana Brand Crunch. Yes. Tea? Tablets. Yeah, yeah. But I generally only eat Weet-Bix in colder months because I like it with hot milk. I don't like them with cold milk. No. No, I drive my Pajero. Yes, yeah it is. I nearly am the only one that drives it. My wife drives it occasionally, but she doesn't like it. Too big. Nah, won't let him drive it. Yeah, they... Then I... Now I got a lift. Jeff from work. No, was it Jeff? Nah, Brad from work gave me a lift in one of the vehicles. Dropped me off out the front. Nah, we are on level 8. Ah, Sergeant CP. Nah, you've got to be a superintendent or above to do the inspectors. No, I went to a meeting at council and then when I came back, they had lunch delivered. Yep, yep. In Darcy Street. Yep. Ooh. No, but I did buy coffee. Bought a cappuccino. Bit earlier, probably about 3pm. No, no, no, I didn't take the bike that day. I walked back to Parramatta and then I picked up my Pajero from there. Mm-hmm. I did. Yes. Yeah, I think, yeah, just for a short period. We come out of First Avenue at the lights. We turn right onto Blackstone Road and then left onto Lovell Road and then cut through the back way. So about 100 metres on Blackstone Road. No, we were in Pam's car, the Mazda then. Yes, yep. Too many. I think it's about 5. I've got a Pajero and I've got a Mazda and I've got a Celica and I've got a Commodore. Oh, yeah. Four cars and a bike. Yep. Not while I was on it, no. A cyclist on Blackstone Road. No, no, don't remember that. No. Mm-hmm. Oh, it wasn't me because my wife was driving. So it might have been her. I can put her in if you want. Because I had to get out at the optometrist and there's not a lot of parking there, so I had her drive and I just hopped out and then she found a parking spot. Yeah, there is, yeah. There's one at Ethel Street, a safety camera, and there's a speed camera right up the other end near the tank. Don't remember that. No, I don't remember that. Heaps of damage. My wife drives the car. Yeah, yeah, because she ran into a concrete bollard. Well, it was just before or just after we went to Vanuatu, so that was October. She didn't even know she'd done as much damage as she thought. She thought she'd just scraped the bottom of it. There's this big, great big scrape mark on the front of the bumper and she didn't see that. And then I was driving the car a couple of weeks later and I drove it into the backyard and she said, look what you've done to the car. No, I didn't do, no, no. It was October. It was immediately before or after Vanuatu. We went to Vanuatu. We went to Bathurst. I went to Bathurst with the boys in October and it was before that. Well, I don't know whether you'd call it an accident. It was more like a female driving incident. Well, she was driving to North Sydney today to see a client. So I'm thinking it's somewhere around Middle Miss Street at McMahon's Point. No, they were lamb loin chops and we bought some stuff to make salad. We bought onion, tomato, lettuce and we bought some bread rolls, bit of cheese, milk, a few other things. Now I've got a Weber and Weber barbecue and I've stuck them in the Weber. Not really. They're more grilled. No, not to visit. They all live with us, unfortunately. They all live with us. My mother lives in the granny flat and our 21 year old just moved back home and my nephew just finished university and he's staying with us as well. And then we've got the two young ones. No, he came the night before. He came the night before. None yesterday. No visitors yesterday, but the night before Kim came over. Peter came last night. Sorry, my apologies. Not for dinner, after dinner. Pam was worried about finishing dinner before he came. So Peter came over at eight o'clock. I think it was a bit later because Peter didn't get out of the place. He was supposed to pick up his son from Midway about 9.30, but he was late getting away because we were chatting so much. So I think that was about 10, 10.15 when he left, something like that. Then I want to check my emails and I'm not sure how long I spend on it. Probably 15 minutes, half an hour. So I think it was more like 11. No, call me. No, call me. No, call me. No, call me. No, call me. No, call me. No, call me. No, call me. No, call me. No, call me. No, call me. No, call me. No, call me. No, call me. No, call me. No, call me. No, call me. comment.