 Sure. Yesterday I woke, actually I probably was awake for most of the morning. My son had a terrible night's sleep and so I was up with him. So he came in to us about four o'clock after having only had a couple of hours sleep and he was awake from then. So him being awake meant I was awake and then my husband's alarm went off at 5.30 and my alarm went off at six and it was all up and going from there. So I got up, had a shower, didn't wash my hair which I probably should have, got ready, dropped the kids where they needed to go, came to work, got here. I drove to work, I should have caught the bus. Got here about ten past eight I think and just got on with my day as best as possible. So started work, skipped breakfast, answered some phone calls, just did whatever I had to do to get my work done. Worked through lunch and left at about four o'clock. Drove home, went by the shops and did a little bit of Christmas shopping. Picked up my family, went home and decided on what to have for dinner when we got home. Cooked dinner, cleaned up from dinner, talked to the family, put them through the shower, got them ready for bed, sat and watched some Paul Hogan. Paul Hogan, that's right. And then, yeah, put them to bed and then promptly fell asleep on the lounge. Not all night. My husband woke me up about 10.30 and said, come on, go to bed. No. Lunch I had some corn thins, that's it. No, no, I'll get the flavoured ones. You get some with a flavoured sachet sort of coating on them. So that's what I had. Cheddar cheese, I think it is. Yes. No, they're really nice. It tastes like popcorn but with a cheesy flavour. So the rice crackers, the rice ones, not very nice, rice cake, but the corn thins, just like popcorn. Absolutely, if you want to, but I'm not that adventurous or creative, so I have mine plain. I just eat them. Yes, yes. They are round. No, no, no. No, they come in a cylindrical type of soft packet and yeah, they're just really thin, about five mil in thickness. And they've got a cheese coating on the top and tastes like popcorn with a flavouring. So very nice. But I had them for lunch yesterday. Probably. Yes, I would think so. I would have had lunch about 10 past one and I sat at my desk and ate it while I looked at the computer or the newspaper online. That's right. We had satay and rice. Yes, satay beef. It was, yes. Big W. I just went there on the mission to find one thing and I found that one thing. So that was good. I would have got there about 4.45. No. Straight from work to the shops and then straight from the shops to get the kid. Yes. Where I normally park, I couldn't get a park, so I had to park a little bit further away. So I would say yes. I did. There was one on one side and not the other. I reversed in and it was on the driver's side. Yes. I reckon maybe 10 minutes. It was fly in, fly out, shopping expedition. Yes. No, because there was a pillar next to me. There was a car next to me, but there was a pillar in between and there was no car parked on the other side. No, no. Not that I saw. Not that I saw. I did. I would have at home. Yes. Right. Okay. I would say that report's incorrect. Not true. Yes. Yes. If you need me to, I will. No, I would have, after picking up the kids, it would have been about five past five. After we decided what we were having? Yes. Sautéed beef and rice. Yes, yes, yes. We've been invited to a party on Saturday night and we have to go as our favourite character. And my husband is a big Paul Hogan fan from when he did his comedy show and there's a character on that that he said, oh, that's what I'm going as. So, no, it's the supposed stuntman, Leo Wanker or something. I'm not a big Paul Hogan fan, so I don't know. But he wears the overalls and the flash hood and yeah, thinks he's pretty good. My husband has to organise it. Yes. I think I'll just go as me. I don't know. No, we did. What did we? It's a bit of a muddle. Eight thirty, we watched Star Trek. No, Paul Hogan was, but Star Trek, no. It was on telly. We don't have Foxtel, so it'd have to be free to air. No, I fell asleep on the lounge and then I went to bed about ten thirty when my husband woke me up. No, pay for parking. No, no. I just turn up on the day and hope there's a parking spot for me. They've got meters throughout the parking area that you just go in, go along and either put cash or credit card. It's like ticket parking, council parking. Oh, well, you don't get a ticket when you go in. You have to actually park the car and then get a ticket and then slip it on your dash. Yes. No, they're mistaken. The only way would be the entry as I walked in or computer login as to what time I logged in. That would be the only way. There has to be a mistake somewhere. Because, yes, around ten past eight.