 No problem. Yesterday I woke up about 8.30 when my alarm went off and I went straight to the shower. I did wash my hair and then I dried it when I got out, but I dried it straight and within a few minutes it had gone all fuzzy because of the humidity and the weather. We went to church in the morning and it was a long service. Then there was meant to be a morning tea but we didn't hang around. We went for a drive, then came back and went to a Christmas party. That was about one o'clock and then had lots of food and drink at the Christmas party. But we had to leave early because we then had an engagement party to go to. So we had to drive about 45 minutes to get to the engagement party and caught up with friends, which was really nice. It was pelting down with rain pretty much the whole afternoon, but it didn't stop the guests I guess having a good time. We left there probably around 7.10, got home just before 8, had a shower, had something to eat, tried to unwind in front of the telly and went to bed. 10.30, would have turned it on about quarter to nine, so we'd started, we missed the beginning of The Mentalist, but started watching The Mentalist and then I was on after that. It shows how good the TV show was, I don't remember. But we finished watching or went to bed at 10.30. We actually didn't have much dinner. We just had a few leftovers from the fridge because we'd been at the party and we weren't overly hungry. A couple of parties, that's right. It's a silly season. There was some leftover pizza. Yes, Christmas party, we got there about one o'clock in the afternoon, probably about two and a half hours, give or take a few minutes. Yeah, about half past three, straight to the engagement party. Yes. Okay, so something's not right because we got there pretty much at 4.30. So that's why I mean, give or take a few minutes, we left the Christmas party. Yeah, just to drive, didn't want to go home, knew we had to go out, so we went for a drive. Yeah, up the mountains. Yep, it was starting to rain. Yes, about quarter past 11, starts at 9.30. So it was a special service. Farewell to our minister. We owned two? Yes, yes, yes. That's right. Yep. That, or we were starting to head that way. Yes. Yes. No. No, I saw groups of one, maybe two, but not a big group. I would consider that a bigger group. Yeah, either single riders or in pairs, but yeah, not together. No. No. No. Quite possibly, but I don't remember it. Yes. Well, I don't remember the exact street and I do remember seeing cyclists, but only either single or pairs, not a group. Quite possibly. No. Our car may have been seen in the area, but I don't believe that we did that, no. It was pretty consistent. No, I don't believe so. No, no, no, not at all. No. No, we got there about 1pm. No, it wasn't. It was friends. Maybe 50, including kid, 50. So it was 50. It's not a small size. No. It was quite nice, except for the weather. No, they had a swimming pool so the kids could go in swimming. They did. It was a solar heated pool. Yeah, they do. It was pretty good. Yes. No, that was close friends. No, we got home from that about just after seven, about 10 past seven. No, actually we left at 10 past seven. We got home around eight. Yes, sorry. Leftover bought pizzas. Pizza Hut. We used to, but we're giving Pizza Hut a try. Don't like the people who work there. No, not at all. They just don't have good customer service skills. So Pizza Hut's just opened, so we figured we'd give them a go. If I could afford them every week, then yes. No, we don't. Do they? Okay, I'll have to keep an eye out for that one. I wouldn't say it's my favourite, no. But I enjoy it. No, it was to CSI at 9.30. Yes, you jogged my memory. About 10.30. Yes. Ledger, Colder, Colder, Lying. 30 foot car. He was bothersome and nice. And he kept himself going. It's just that I've got to quickly go and do a test, because I have a friend. Tomorrow we take a because they're going to have music and they don't have any lungs and they are rigid. So they're the young kids.