 When I first got up, what did I do? Oh, I had a shower, then I went in and ironed some clothes. What else did I do? Oh, deary me. I think I went for a run. I run about five kilometres. And when I came back, oh, when I was running, I saw a few people running around. Well, one person didn't have anything on. They must have had something going. And I was going to ring the police. I thought, nah, I couldn't be bothered. When I got back, I thought, oh, what did I do now? I've done everything. Oh, should I get ready to go to work now? I think I'll bother coming now. I already had a scare with a person who was nude, so that really scared me. And then I decided, oh, maybe I'll go for a drive up in the mountains. The mountains are nice. It was a nice day yesterday. So I went to the mountains and thought, should I take my sister with me? Nah, I couldn't be bothered. And I went up and we went for a look around Blue Mountains. I haven't been there in ages. And what else did I do after that? Oh, I went down to Loora and I had a look at the shops in Loora. And I thought, oh, well, what else can I do? I might go for a walk around Loora. So I did that. And when I got back to Blacktown, I thought I'd better come back now. It's getting a bit late. So I came back, had, I think it was about four o'clock. I thought, oh, my sister wanted me to get things to go to the shops. So I went down the shops and there was a bump into a few people I knew, had a bit of a chat. Then I had to try and get some bread. And of course, we're trying to have different bread at the moment. So there wasn't any there. So then I had to drive over to another shop and see if I can get the same bread. And I couldn't find any. So that was about it. I came home and then we had tea. And I thought, should I watch TV? I thought, eh, I couldn't be bothered watching TV. So I went for another run. And then there was another nude person running around. And, oh, this is getting a bit strange. It's the second one in a day. Maybe I'm seeing things. Nope, nope. Must be something on in this area I don't know about. So I thought, oh, this time I'll ring the police. And yeah, they said they were having a few people running around, these young people finishing high school. They were having a few hijinks to get caught up to. And these were bets they had to do. So I thought, OK, that's all right. So when I came back, oh, I decided to sit down. And I did watch TV for a short time. And there was nothing much on. Then I thought, oh, no, I'm not going to bother watching it. So I just surfed the channel a bit. Nah, can't be bothered. Then I decided to get my games out. And I had a bit of a game instead. And I was doing all right in the games. But then my eyes got a bit tight. So I thought, I better go to bed and have to get up early enough tomorrow. So that's what yesterday was all about. Went to bed about 10 o'clock. And what games? Oh, I played just some, not Scrabble, but some sort of like Scrabble, you know, line where you have to make up a line, like anagram type games. Where you've got to put words together when they just give you words. They give you letters. And you just got to put the words together. And do you remember what you watched on time? No, because there wasn't much on. I started to watch something for it. No, I couldn't be bothered. There wasn't much. I think there, I'm not too sure if it was Criminal Minds on. But I didn't bother. I watched it for a while. Then I turned it off and started playing the games. And so what time did you? Oh, I got up about 5.30, about that time. Because if I went for that long five kilometre run. What time? Oh, just after 5.30. So I just got straight. Oh, I had a shower. I wasn't going to, but I've decided to have a shower. Then I went for a run after that. And how long did it take? Oh, it took me, well, I'm pretty slow. So it took me about an hour and a half. I had to stop a few times. So what time did you leave? Oh, I left about 8.30. Oh, heaps of traffic. And then they've got a lot of roadworks up at Wentworth Falls all that way. So he got stuck in traffic up there too. Okay, and whose car did you drive? Oh, I drove my own car. How many cars do you own? Only one. We used to have two, but there was no point because I'm the only one who's driving. And Dad had one too, but now he can't drive anymore. So it's just me. So you've only got one car that's registered in your name? Yep. And nobody else drives your car? Oh, well, my sister can drive my car, my other sister. But she only drives it every now and then. No, no, I just drove it up there on my own, went up the mountains. Oh, you didn't go with your sister? No, no, I didn't want to go on my own. Okay, so how long does it get from your place to the mountains? It takes about an hour because there was a bit of roadworks up at Wentworth Falls. So yeah. Okay, so you left your home at 8.30? Yeah, so I got there about 9.30. Was that to the Loura shop? No, I mean, I went to Katoomba first and had a look at the Free Sisters. And then I was looking around there, thought, oh, I'll go to Loura and I have a look at the shops. And there's some really nice shops up there. So I had a look and I stayed and it was long enough to have lunch. And I went to one of the coffee shops or restaurants, I don't know. And I had, what did I have? I had chicken since all because it's pretty standard and it's easy to have and cappuccino. And then I came out again and I went for a walk around Loura. It's nice up there. And then I decided to come home again. Okay, so when you were driving up mountains, do you remember traveling on Smith Street? No, I went on the Great Western Highway and I didn't go off. I was going to go off because of the roadworks, but I wasn't too sure how to go, try and sort of go around it. So I just had to stay on it. I know the other way coming off because I've been on it, but I don't know the other way going up. Oh, so you were all the way? All the way, yeah. Okay, right this way? Yep, yep. I was traveling west. Okay, so when you were traveling west, did you see a group? Oh, yeah, there was heaps of them. Maybe there's some sort of race on or something, I don't know. Oh, yeah, there was a function on yesterday. Yeah, so that... Group had a group of four. They'd read Song of the Logue. Do you remember? Oh, yes, I did. I did remember seeing them, yeah. We've received a report that a car was driving that car. It's actually collided with one of... Oh, did I? Maybe I accidentally hit them on the side there when I didn't see them. Yeah, and do you remember if they were stopping and helping you stop? No, no, because I would have stopped if I'd seen it. Yeah, maybe they got too close to the edge of the road, I think. Okay, you didn't stop at all? No. And you didn't help one of the cyclists? No, no, because I didn't even realize I'd hit the cyclist. This happened at about 9am? 9am, yeah, they all had to have been on the freeway, wouldn't it? Yeah, because I left at 8.30, so I'm probably still on a freeway down near Penrith. Yeah, okay, so you don't remember the cyclist? No, I don't at all, no. So you got into Toomba at about 10.30am? Yep. No, no, it was 9.30. 9.30? Yeah, around that time. Okay, and then you went over to the Lura shops? Yep. No, no, I went to the Free Sisters and had a look at Free Sisters. I didn't go... Oh, yeah, I went to Lura shops, but first I went to Free Sisters, then I went to Lura shops afterwards. Yeah. And then you stopped in one of the RSL? No, no, I went one of the rest coffee shops in Lura. I don't know if there's an RSL up there. There might be, but I've never been there. Oh, okay. Yeah. Toonstitch, which is usually in the... Yeah, they do, yeah. Okay, and you got home at about 5.30am? Ah, yeah, I don't know, maybe 4, it's been 4 and 5.30. I can't remember. I didn't really look at the watch straight away. Yeah, but it was in the afternoon, yeah, later afternoon before tea. Okay, and you said that you went to the shop first for bread? I did. No, I didn't, but I bumped into some people I knew and had a bit of a chat. Oh, okay. And then what did you have for dinner? What did I have for dinner? Oh, well, I didn't want too much, so I think I had an omelette, and as I can't cook, I let my sister do that. Yeah, so she cooked the meal for me. Okay, and you went to bed at about 11pm? No, about 10, I think, yeah. Alrighty, what colour is your car? No comment. Who did you have lunch with yesterday? No comment. Does two plus two equal... No comment. Is it 9.30am? No comment. Are we on the first... No comment. Is it sunny? No comment. Where were you on the 15th of January, 2008? No comment. How old? No comment. What did you do for lunch? No comment. What did you do last weekend? No comment. Are you here for tea? No comment. Where do your parents... No comment. Do you have a hat? No comment. Where did you live two years ago? No comment. Do you eat? No comment. Do you like sale? No comment. Have you ever... No comment....had a car? No comment. Do you ride push bikes? No comment. Swim? No comment. Do you drink? No comment. When did you last see me? No comment. What colour is your... No comment. No comment.