 Oh what I did yesterday, I got up late because it was, I'd been up late the night before so I didn't get up till about 8 30 I think, no could have been 8. What else did I do? And then after that I decided to go for a drive somewhere but I thought where can I go because it's raining a lot so and we had a thunderstorm so I thought I'd go for a drive down south because I think it was a bit less wet up there so we went drive 4 to what's that area called? Boweral Way. We went around looking at the shops and I like antiques so we went in some to the antique store because I'm looking for a little bowl that my sister broke, a bowl that I bought up the coast so I have to get another little bowl just to put jewelry in when I come home. Around Boweral we're going to go into the museum but I thought we'll wait till we see Dad and then we'll take him into the new museum that's there at the moment, there's a new one, it's an interactive one about cricket, an all new cricket. Yeah it's a brand new one, I saw it on TV the other day so especially not the one for the Bradbury Museum, it's another one. Yeah it's supposed to be quite good. Yeah so yeah so I'd like to go and take Dad one day because he'd probably enjoy seeing that about the cricket. And then we went and had coffee in a coffee shop, there's quite a few around that area so and then I thought what can we do? And we went to Boweral, it's that place where they've got lost antiques too and just oh it's near there, I can't even think of the name of it. However we went there and we had a look around some more shops and I see if I can buy that little bowl, I still haven't found one I like because I'm just fussy. And then we went for a drive, we went down to Kangaroo Valley and we came back up and turned into Berry and went via the coast and we stopped in Berry and it was raining there a bit too. So it was dry for a while up Boweral then it started raining when we got down to Berry but it always rains around there. And there's a nice shop in Berry, it has lots of, if you knit or anything like that and if you do any sort of hand needlework, it's got a quite extensive needlework. So if you're into that sort of thing it's quite really good actually, it's one of the best around Sydney, that's in Berry. Yeah and then we're just, we're going to go that new coast road, the one that goes out when you go past Wollongong and then you go near the Royal National Park, they've got that road, we haven't been around there yet, that's on the bridge. You know the one that goes out on, there used to be a road but because the road, I think it kept on crumbling, I think it was dangerous, so they built a bridge that sort of goes out right sort of on the very edge of the ocean and it's supposed to be quite nice to look at. It's been around a few years but I'll never know where to, how to get there so I've never been there. So yeah, so we decided not to, so we just went on the usual road up and on the way back on the Hume Highway and that's it. We came home, we didn't have much to eat because it was pretty full from our big lunch and we only had toast and toast and some tea and then watch something, did I watch anything on TV? Oh I was flicking around on the TV, yeah and then I was not much on. Oh that's right, I did start watching something but I still didn't understand it in the end so I watched the whole, to the end of it, so this movie and that was it. That's about it and I went to bed about 11 o'clock because I couldn't sleep. Yes it's called The Happening and I didn't get it at the beginning. I got it, what was, what happened but I still didn't get it exactly but it was a bit boring actually. It was, I have to watch it because I started watching it. Yeah, yeah. I don't, I know it's 12. I don't know what it is they call it, you know how they say Gem and all but it's 12, whatever 12 is called. Yeah that's the number of the channel that's all I know. I don't know what it's called. You know how they say Gem for all 99 it's, but I don't know what they call it. It's number 12 on the thing. Okay so it wasn't. No it's not the normal, none of those new ones free for air. Yeah new digital free for air. Yeah I think it's a channel 10, one of those offshoots of channel 10. The 10, 11 and 12 are part of channel 10. They got a new one? Yeah 10 and yeah 11 and 12 yeah and one. I think even one's channel 10 too. Yeah. Yes. So how long is it? Quite a while but I think it's channel, part of channel 10 because sometimes you see channel 10 at what they have on advertised channel 10. You know how 99 is it Gem advertised channel 9? Yeah same thing I think. Yeah I was on that but I still don't understand that movie. It's a strange movie. I was going, it was about, it was about people started dying like they were standing in a park in New York, in New York and people just started not dying, they start, they go quiet and then they start killing, killing themselves. That's what it is and yeah or they run in front of traffic or do something silly like that and then, and then, and then it happened again and these people, so they evacuate New York City and they evacuate Washington or wherever and they, and then they get stuck and then, and then we find out what's about, supposed to be about the supposed to be the grass and the trees are putting off this toxin or something and everybody's, whatever it does make them do this and they're sort of getting back at being, being you know, not you know how they've been, destruction of their habitat. It was pretty silly but I had to watch it to the end. So did you, you said that you No I had honey yes. So what did you have for lunch? I had chicken schnitzel and salad and chips. Did you have that? I had it in a coffee shop, I don't know, I didn't, I don't know, I can't remember the name of it. It's probably something, Bowerall in it somewhere, the name of the cafe. Oh okay, that wasn't Bowerall. No, no, no, I drove to Bowerall after that and then I went, we looked around the shops in Bowerall. Okay, did you go to, no. So I don't think I've ever been to Mossville, that's past Bowerall isn't it? Yeah I've never been to Mossville I don't think because when you go down to, to Bowerall you sort of turn off before you get to Mossville when you go to Shortcut, when you go around that way I think. Yeah is it? I don't know, I've never been there. It is isn't it? Bowerall, there's, oh it's hard, I can never remember the name of these, the Barramin is the one I did go yeah because I, you remember the name, but I couldn't, that's to the right I think, but then once we came back through to Bowerall you have to turn left to go to Kangaroo Valley because remember I went down to Berry, yes, but I don't, yeah. So what time did you leave to go for your drive? Oh about 9.30, yep we had um bacon and eggs. So you got up about? No I got up 8, 8, 8.30, I did say 8.30 but I said, I think I said probably maybe a bit before that, so probably somewhere between 8 and 8.30. And um you left? No about 9.30, yep there's no other car, there's no other car to drive, so it's only my car I can take. Okay and um were you? Yep, uh no, came with, my sister came with me. Yeah and um it is? No, not that sister, she can't drive very well, but my other sister who lives around the, um down the coast when she's up here she is, can use it if she wants to. No, no because she's down the coast. Um and um you didn't drive? No, it's six hours drive down to Maroombula. It's a lovely spot, they've got a house it looks like, bae, it is. Um okay so yeah. It is six hours and a bit, well and even more longer than me because I'm a slow driver and I stop a lot because if I get tired I'm not gonna, you know, push it through. So um so you were on the road at Dirty and you went? Yep, yep went that way. Um and how long did it take? Oh about um an hour, maybe a bit long, maybe probably between an hour. See I didn't look at the watch, so probably about an hour and a half because A, I'm a slow driver and then of course of the weather, it wasn't very good so, a bit slower yeah, about 11. Oh no, 9 30, no 10 30, 10 30, 11, oh around this I suppose, yeah. Um so when you were driving, do you remember? Cyclists, no, no I don't remember seeing any cyclists, probably too wet for them out of this time. Oh they, oh no right, usually they're not on the freeway but when you, when you go on the M7, they're on there all the time because they've got their own bike lane so it's a lot less, probably more safer for them. You know how that, they've got that bike lane on the M7? Yeah, um so you were traveling? Yep, go the M7 then I go on to the Hume, Hume highway and it does be a bit slower on the Hume because now I've got all that road works when you go at, just before Camp, the turn off the Campbelltown, the last one, yeah, in a rail line around there, yeah it's very slow. Um so you see any? No, no, no. Okay, um there was about three or four Jews under the locusts? No, didn't see them at all. We've received information coverage, your name involved before Barrel? Oh no, no I didn't see them because it was a bit raining and sometimes they um, they um, if it's a bit rainy you can't always see them clearly on the rain and if I've got a big truck in front of me or something because I have to turn off at Barrel and so that Barrel, when you go up to Barrel you go up the hill you can't see it very, see people very well or trucks in front of you. Okay so um when you were driving along do you remember hearing insults going off? No, no and I don't think, I didn't um, I looked, I didn't notice my car had anything on it so, no. Um and? No, no I didn't stop it. No, if I do stop it's usually at Barrel because it's not that long where I have to stop halfway. But you didn't stop at all? No, oh other than Barrel, no, straight there from, from home. Now um, are you aware that there's safety? No I wasn't aware of that. Um, we've reviewed some of the safety and uh, we can actually see a car original name. Yep. He's someone who makes a request about that. Ah, well then then I don't, don't know if that's me or they got a license plate on another car. You sure it was my car? Yeah? Hmm, well I don't think so because um, I um, definitely didn't stop on the side of the road. No, no, no, no. So um, you got into Barrel and you um, went to a couple of antique, antique shops? Yep. Then you went on to? Have lunch in Barrel, yeah I didn't go have it in Barramah, no. Oh, no lunch in Barramah? No. Um, you went on to Mossvale? No, I didn't go to Mossvale because I've never been there. Went down to Kangaroo Valley, yeah and then I went, it is a nice drive except I don't like going up and up. Funny, I don't mind going up, I just don't go and when you come get the top of the hill and you go down into an hour apart, I don't like that. But there's, when you go to Bury, halfway through in the valley you turn left and that's a pretty scary drive to me. It's um, very hair turns and oh yeah, I don't like it. Okay and um, you went into Wollongong? No, never went to Wollongong but we went from Bury, we just went straight up, up the freeway and passed there. Now we didn't go into Wollongong itself because I'd get lost. I'd never really been, I think I've once I've been into Wollongong. So when you left Bury, you went back? On the coast road, Pacific Highway part, yeah, not Hume High, yeah and then we went that way and then we got the top, when you get top of that, what's that hill right at the top of Wollongong? Yes and then we turn left to go that road that hits the Hume Highway um, at, where, I'm not sure what it's called. I know that's where they got all those um, jumpers, they have a parachute school thing there, right there. Okay so you've travelled along there? Yeah and then the M7 after that, yeah. Um, oh so you didn't travel all the way? No, because you have to, you turn off to go to where I live, you have to go M7 or you can go the, you can go along the Aroland Road but it's a bit long, it's quicker just go on the M7. And you've got one of those tokens? I've got one of those tokens, yeah. So um, you got home at about 7.30? Um, 7.30, um, no I got home a bit earlier I think. I got home about 6.30, can't remember exactly what time I got home. And um, when you got home, you could pick her up? Yep, yep, with honey, yep. And then you watched the happening that time? Uh, no, I can't, don't have Foxtel, we got on one of those free digital to air stations, Channel 11, oh 12 sorry, Channel 12. um, um-hmm, ah, what is, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment