 First got up, I had a shower, then I went and blow-dried my hair, then I made my bed, went downstairs and had breakfast. Come back up again. What did I do when I came back up again? Oh, I had to iron something, that's right, because I thought I had it ironed but I didn't like what I was going to wear today, yesterday, so I changed that. What else? Oh, the whole day? Then I came back downstairs and rang for a taxi because I'm getting a taxi with my leg. I waited for the taxi. It didn't take very long to come, actually, it was pretty quick yesterday. And then we got a taxi to the station and then waited for the train. Pretty well straight away and I got here on time, about 8 o'clock yesterday. Then I started doing some data entry work. I went and got a glass of water. And then I just did more data entry work. I went in the storeroom and looked for some files. I was getting some files, that took a while, and then I was looking for, I think I found some of them, but then I came back out again and I was looking for, went back on the computer, checked the MIMO system just to see if there was anything else I had to do and then I went looking for some more job cards. I didn't find them all, but then I decided I might as well put them in some sort of order so I could find them in the future. So I put some in order. That took about an hour. Oh, wait on, I missed out on morning tea. I went down there and I said I'll ring up someone downstairs who I'll have morning tea with, but because every time I go down there there's no one there and I'm sitting by myself. So I ring them up and of course she gets on the phone. Yeah, I think I can come. And then I said, well, ask Leonie. And so she yells across at Leonie. I said, you don't have to yell, you could have walked over. Anyway, I did go down and actually have morning tea, so it was nice to have something, sit with someone. Then I just hopped back to the filing. I have to go at 1.30, so I had an early day. Got the train, then got the taxi again. Is that the whole day? Okay, all right. Then I had to go to my physio after that, so I only had about half an hour to have a quick lunch and then go to the physio. And then after nearly killing me of poor leg at the end of it, then I had to drive over to the shopping centre and get some groceries and I just waited around. And then we came back. I did have tea a bit late and then we had a salad. And we tried tofu. Tried tofu. Have you had tofu? Yep, we tried tofu. It's not very nice, it tastes like rubber. But we're trying to do it because we're supposed to be vegetarians. If you're a positive blood group, you're supposed to eat more green stuff. You can have chicken and fish, but you can't have meat. So we're going to try. That's about it. Watched a few things on TV, went up to my room and did a bit of a games on me, Game Boy thing and I went to bed. Game Boy, you know the... Oh, the Game Boy. Yeah, Game Boy. Yeah, my eyes were getting a bit tired. But then I woke up at three o'clock this morning and I had a bad headache. So I don't know if that did it or if it was the sinus. And they said the allergy is really high at the moment, so I think it was a combination. So what time did you get up? Oh, about 9.30. Okay, so what time did you get up yesterday? Oh, could have passed five. What did I breakfast? Oh, cereal and a special. What can I remember? What type we had yesterday? Can't remember. I think we had... Oh, we had peaches on it. I know that. Sliced peaches from the can. And usual cup of tea and that's what I have. We can't have any more either. You're not supposed to have milk. So we're going to try soy milk. What did you have? Lunch. I didn't really have lunch. Well, no, because I'm doing just five hours and I do have half an hour lunch because I'm from workers' comp because of my foot. Because I fell over and broke my ankle. So I'm going to have lunch. I'm going to have lunch. I'm going to have lunch. I'm going to have lunch. I'm going to have lunch. I'm going to have lunch. I'm going to have lunch. But for lunch I'm going to have half an hour lunch because I'm from workers' comp because of my foot. I fell over and broke my ankle. I've got some plates. A plate and screws in there. So I didn't have lunch until about 1, 1-2, 2, 2.30 around there. At home. So what did you have? I wasn't that hungry. I had peanut butter. Peanut butter on toast. Yeah, but before, Ellen, I had some, I took some yogurt and had an apricot and some cherries and had a Ravitas about it during the day. Okay, you said that you drove to shop. Yep. Did you go to Woolworth? Yes, I did. No, no, no, because it's not in our, not in our centre. You have to drive to it separately. Okay, what about IJ? No, it's not there either. There's only Coles, Franklin and Woolies. Yeah, Coles, Franklin and Woolies. Even though it's Coles? No, because my sister likes always going to Woolies. Sometimes she always, Coles doesn't always have the product, it's a bigger range, so we don't go there and she doesn't like Franklin, so that's why. And you said that you watched television? What did I watch? Hmm, no, because it can't be that exciting. There wasn't much on last night. I think I was watching something. I thought this is boring, I'm going upstairs. And I did a bit of games, so there wasn't much to watch, so yeah. So you said that you got up? 5.15. 5.15, did you always get up? Yes, because I start at 5.15. I'm a bit of a sleeper. I'm a bit of a sleeper. I'm a bit of a sleeper. I'm a bit of a sleeper. And I'm very slow at getting going, so I got to work at 8, so I take my time, because it takes me forever to get going with my foot and everything, and I'm just slow. And for breakfast that you had, cereal whiffers? Yeah, no canned peaches. You caught a taxi? Sorry, caught the bus to work? No, taxi to the station. Okay. How much? Taxi, between $9, depends on the taxi driver, $9. And $11. And $11. And $11. And $11. And $11. And $11. And $11. And $11, today it was $11, yesterday afternoon it was $9 something, so I think it also depends, well traffic lights, but I still think it depends on the taxi. Do you have a receipt for it? I do? No. We received information today that the TAS do up-place where you live. Yep. So you filed a receipt? Oh no, I did pay for it because I got the receipt. Are you sure that's the receipt for yesterday? Oh yes, I got every receipt because I made that mistake once before and I didn't have, get the receipt off them, so you know I can't claim it back, so I always double check to make sure I get a receipt from them. And if not, you can also, other than, if you, well, if they do, if you don't pay for it, they'll probably stop and make you take your phone or something. That happened to me, a taxi driver told me, this young guy, I was getting in a taxi one day, he waited and he took his phone in the end, he said he was going to go and pay a bill and he drove into to pay the bill because he didn't have any money and then his credit didn't work on his credit card so he took his phone off him. Okay, you know that the taxi have CCTV? Yes, they don't have those cagings anymore but because they said it's, I don't know, what did they say, why, because they can't get in and out of the taxi either, it doesn't matter about the danger. On the CCTV we viewed that from yesterday and we can actually see you getting into, and when it pulls up at the train there's no showing. Oh, I must have forgot. So you think that that at home was yesterday? Oh, it might not be, it might be for another day, maybe it was for the day before. Alright, we're going to make a query. So you said that you got into work at about 8. Yes. A colleague of yours told me you didn't get in. Well, I did, I get in at 8, they might not have seen me at that time. Is there any way you can verify? No, did anyone see me when I first came in? Ah, they could either, not really because I probably was in the storeroom nearly straight away so if they didn't see me, no one saw me as I walked in, and then in the storeroom no one can see me in there, so maybe not. But the only other way is of course if you go down and put your card in downstairs and they can check on the computer what time I came in. We actually swapped cards, yes, and the first entry, my card. Well, maybe I got held up and I put it on my watch, it said 8 o'clock and it was probably 9. Okay, what time did you put it? I put 8 o'clock because I thought it was, maybe my watch is one hour behind, I might have that, still have daylight, not daylight savings, I have the old time. Your watch, old time, is one hour behind. Oh, yes it would be, so it should have been 10 o'clock, shouldn't it? Okay, so you worked during the day and then you left work at about 2.30? 2.30, no, 1.30. And you got the, you got a, From the, I got the walk down to the station, then I got a train and then I got the taxi. Okay, so you don't get a taxi bill? No, it's too close to get a taxi. Okay, and then when you got home you had, No, peanut butter. Do you eat Vegemite? Yep, love it. Do you like Promo? No. Do you like, and then after that, after your lunch, you went in Psychiatry? No, with the physio, we did exercise, yes, because of my foot. And then after that you went, drove to the shopping, Yep, I did, yeah, no, at Woolies. At Woolies. When you got home, you had salad, Thai beef? No, tofu. Tofu, okay, and then you went to bed at about 30? No, about 9.30. About 9.30, alright, I've just got some other, Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, no comment. What is your address? No comment. What is your, No comment. No comment. No comment. Who were you like? No comment. Are you a driver? No comment. Are you a maid? No comment. Are you a dog? No comment. Do you have a, No comment. Do you use your email? No comment. Who is your favourite author? No comment. Can you speak, No comment. What do you do? No comment. Do you drive your car?