 Okay, so we've started have we? Okay, so your question was what I did today from when I woke up, what I did yesterday from when I woke up, and yesterday, yesterday would have been a Tuesday, I woke up at a ridiculous early hour because I'm homeless at the moment and I'm living outside of a friend's house. That friend's house is actually now in Newtown, so I actually have to wake up at a ridiculous hour so I can actually drive to work, which is interesting because I'm not used to driving to work. I'm used to basically living one suburb away, so peak hour for me is just crossing over to the other side of the busy road and I'm generally at work. So I'm sitting in my car and battling the peak hour traffic that I'm not used to and I'm sitting at a set of traffic lights, which is a really horrible phasing one because I need to turn right and every phase of the lights, maybe one or two cars, happens to get past and just near the intersection of that set of lights there's a coffee shop. So I can see coffees being made and coffees out of my reach but only a few meters away and that's actually quite torturous because I would actually pay quite a premium if someone would just step out of that coffee shop and say, here you go, here's a coffee. I don't really care what kind of coffee. It could have been a flat white, chino, a latte, it doesn't really matter. At that time I just really wanted coffee, which made me come up with a business plan. I'm like, you got people who are sitting at traffic lights quite happy to part with some cash to get a coffee. There's a coffee shop literally meters away. We're sitting bored waiting at the traffic lights. I see a business model there. How have we not, you know, I can get stupid people offering to wash my windscreens but I do that every time I fill up my car with petrol. So why can't I have actually something that I need and something that I want such as a coffee while I'm waiting at an intersection. So if we can get someone to organize that, that would be great. So I continued to my house which I'm packing up at the moment and then that's where I kind of do my ironing and have a shower and get ready to come to work and I come to work. So yesterday would have been a start time of about 9am. Again, I'm not an early starter and I have no scheme of things. We had a whole bunch of people in for a course which they were in all week from Monday to Thursday. So we had to make sure they were all settled and they were all going and then once they were gone then it was up to me to do a number of tasks to make the boss look good because in my job description 80% of my job is making the boss look good. 20% of my job is actually doing my job. So a number of tasks were required of me there. Can't really think of what they were at the moment. Lunchtime would have been about a standard 12 o'clock lunch and where would I have gone for lunch? That would have been, I don't know, I drew a complete blank. You know, how is it that you can remember stuff that happened 15 years ago but you can't remember what you had for lunch yesterday? It's truly amazing matters of the mind. I do know however that once the afternoon came and went my task was pretty much worried about getting home so I could actually go finish packing my stuff so I could so I could pack my stuff and take a load over to my mother's house to store it in under her house, the less that she has storage room for me. So I drive to hers, put in a load of storage, then I drive back home and then I load up my car to take a load of my stuff back to where I'm going to. That would have been about nine o'clock at night and then got home possibly around maybe 10 in the evening. So that pretty much sums up my day. The day was just a blur because that night my focus is all about moving the rest of my stuff, much like today really. Yesterday morning being Tuesday I would have set my alarm for 0700 hours. That's correct, that's correct. I did drive my car to work, drove, that's correct. No, I drove back to my old house to pick up another load of cars and then I drove home. It's all about filling up the car with another load of junk and let's face it, it's all junk. Literally dinner was on the drive on the way back to my old house. I pulled into a Red Rooster store and I said I'll just have a burger and chips please because I just needed something I could keep on going because with the really bad weather that we've had lately, for some reason we have a lot of moronic drivers on the road. People seem to forget common sense when it's raining. You know, people insist on still doing over the speed limit like they normally do and it's like but the conditions aren't really up for it. People, they're unbelievable. The world is full of idiots. Free parking in the basement of this building. No, I have a personal vehicle. I happen to know that we have a space allocated to us and the person who that space used to be allocated to is not in the building at the moment so in the absence of them being in the building and I know that they won't be using the spot, I will be occupying the services of that spot for which I'm very grateful. The purpose of loading up a car so I can go to my next destination and unload that car so that come the next day I can load it up again and do it all again. Well, no, I'm moving kind of, you know, like my everyday stuff, stuff that I need on a day-to-day basis comes with me to Newtown and so because I'm kind of just between sort of homes at the moment. So anything I don't need, excess stuff, goes over to my mother's. Anything I do need, just the everyday sort of bits and pieces, that comes with me to my, well, current temporary home. I got up at a 0630 hours yesterday. That was today, yes, because I didn't know quite how long it would take to drive from the new premises to headquarters so I thought I better just, you know, different time zones. I know the later you leave it the more traffic you hit and school zones. What's with school zones? Aren't they just the biggest pain? I've never had to deal with school zones in my life. It's like it's only eight o'clock and my school kids are still in bed asleep or watching cartoons or something. They're not near the school grounds. It's ridiculous that major roads in this state have school zones. What they need to do is put up massive walls so and they force the kids to take the rear entrance rather than the front entrance. But hey, that's just me. No, I drove in in my personal vehicle from Newtown to work. The car is registered to me, just the one. No, I do not. Yes, I do, but no, I don't have a register. I don't have a license. That is correct. Yesterday lunch would have been about 1pm. Yes, because the course participants have lunch approximately 1200 hours and they have about a half hour break at which point I'll go in and I'll make sure the place is tidy and respectable once they've gone back into their course because they all assume that the magic cleaning fairy comes and cleans up after their lunch. But no, it's actually me. So when I'm in the office, I'm everything from chief captain commander through to coffee boy and cleaner. So I must perform all roles to make sure that we maintain the high standards that we like to have in our workplace. No, the lunch for the participants is at 12. I had lunch about 1300 hours. Actually no, I do recall I now had lunch which was stuff that we catered for for the participants of which they did not partake in all of it. So I helped myself to lunch in the house. Work finished about 1600 hours. Again, I'm just leaving a slightly earlier than the normal because I'd like to maybe just get a head start while there's still some daylight hours in moving and because I enjoy sitting in peak hour traffic because you know it's a fun thing to do right. I went to my mother's house, I came back loaded up and then I headed to my current place in Newtown. Straight from work I went back to my old house first of all, loaded up the car and then over to my mother's. It was about 1930 hours and it was Red Rooster. I got home at 20 minutes past the hour of nine, so about 21-20 hours arrival time at home. The suburb next to Sydenham which is Newtown. I'm absolutely positive I did not get home at 10. The earlier statement was therefore incorrect if that's what the earlier statement was. If the earlier statement said that I got home at 10, that statement is incorrect. I actually got home at 21-20 hours. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.