 I woke up at approximately 6.30 in the morning, I had a shower and washed and conditioned my hair and brushed my teeth, just body wash. I then got out of the shower, dried myself and got dressed. I just let my hair dry in the car on the way to work. I don't think I had any breakfast yesterday morning. When I got to work at 8 o'clock, I went into the first main building that I work in. I was working in another office for the day so I got my things ready and went over to that office and started working. It was about 9.30, I had a morning tea break, went out and got some tissues and some cherries. Came back, continued on working. I had lunch at about, just after, probably about 12.15 for 45 minutes. Went to a cafe and had lunch. I had a salad sandwich and a soft drink. Returned to work at 1 o'clock. I had an early day so I only finished at 3.30 instead of 4.30 yesterday. When I left, I went home, had a bit of a lay down and then went to a doctor's appointment at quarter past 5. Then I went to a place that I'll be moving out of and continued moving some of our last things and doing the final cleaning. Cleaned the oven and all of those fun things. I came home, left there probably about a bit after 9.30. Came home, pretty much went straight to bed after that. So I got home probably about quarter past 10, asleep by 11. I was in bed by about quarter past 10, probably 10.30. Yes, I had dinner, had pizza and I just had that at the old house we were moving out of. What time was your door? 5.15. Did you drive? Yes I did. You said that you drove to work? Yes, yes it is. Occasionally my partner does, not yesterday at all. So, at all yesterday? No, I just had some cherries. So, can you go out on Saturday night? Yes I did, I went to a wedding and I was in the Blue Mountains. Went with a full. The ceremony was at 3 and the reception started at 6, about half an hour. We were supposed to be having games like croquet and stuff like that set up. So, some of the boys played bocce but we mostly just drank and took photos and chatted. It was all at one location, so while they went off and had photos, we all, the rest of the guests, pretty much just chatted amongst themselves. Was it outdoors? The ceremony was outdoors and the reception was inside. Was it windy? It was, surprisingly. It was about probably 23 or 24 degrees because it had been raining all week. So, we were pretty lucky that it stopped raining and the sun came out. So, it was really perfect weather actually, not too hot, not too cold. Was it a long time? Yes, pretty long. So, what time did you leave the other reception? I'm told about 1 o'clock, had a little bit to drink so I couldn't really go on what other people told me. And did you drive? No, we stayed at a cottage house that's on the same property, so we only had to walk about a couple of hundred metres. So, you had a good night? We had a really good night, yes. Was that a family member? Yes, my future sister-in-law. I'm marrying her brother. Oh, so you're not married? No, not yet. That was good then, between the reception. Well, no, not after experiencing that. I suppose they thought that everybody would just... Yeah, it's hard. It's hard, yeah. People don't want to be bothered to do anything. If it's already set up and ready to go, I think people would have participated a bit more. But, because we had to actually... If you wanted to say play croquet, then you would have had to set up all the little loop things. You would have actually really... You had to do all of it. So, it was a little bit unorganised. But, yeah, still not... I guess a lot of people don't see each other all that often, so it was good to still catch up, I guess. Yeah, and it's all... Because it's all mountainous as well. So, yeah, they were lucky they didn't lose any balls. So, you said this day you got up at about 7.30? Yeah, 6.30. 6.30, okay. I drove to work. Occasionally, I do. Okay, what about... Occasionally, a bus as well. Yeah, mainly I drive, yes. And... Paid parking, yes. And you said that you had... I didn't have any breakfast yesterday. None at all? None at all. Probably, yeah, I suppose if I'm going to have breakfast, it's the most common thing I'd have for breakfast. Do you have veg? Yep, no. I haven't had it. You've never had it? No. And you said you got... I got back about 8 o'clock. 8 o'clock. And you had morning tea at... Probably about 9.30. You went out and you bought strawberries? Some cherries. And where did you get them? From Aldi. They were good, yep. And I finished up at about 1. Went to lunch about quarter past 12. And you just... Yep. And just went down to a sandwich? I had a salad sandwich. Salad sandwich. Yeah, at a cafe, yep. So, you returned back to work and you finished work... I finished at 3.30 yesterday. And then you got to home? I drove home. Oh, you drove. And when you got home, you went... Not straight away. I had a bit of a lay down and then I went after that. And then you went back home and you were on? Yeah, yeah. Back to our old place to clean the oven, yep. Oh, so not back to... No. For how long? Oh, since Sunday before last, we've been sleeping there. So, you didn't go home to your new place? No. And you had... I had pizza for dinner. Was that from... No, from Eagle Boys. Eagle Boys. Was that a gourmet? No. It was a traditional... Traditional. Have you had it there, gourmet? No, I don't think so. No way. Yep. Yep, it was very nice. And you got home at about... No, probably... I left at about 9.30. I got home probably just after 10. So, it takes quite a while to drive between the... Yeah, it's... Yeah, it's about 20 minutes. But, yeah, that's only roughly. By the time we actually got in the car and started going. And you got home at 11, sorry? No, I got home just after 10. And you were saying that on Saturday you went to a wedding at Loura? Yeah, actually, I think I said we went to Earth Falls, but I actually was at Loura. Okay, and the reception was at 5 o'clock? No, sorry, that was at 6 o'clock. Alright, what colour is it? It's white. Oh, no comment. Who did you have lunch with? No comment. Is it nine? No comment. No comment. No comment. Where were you on the weekend? No comment. How old are you? No comment. Where do you live? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Where do your parents live? No comment. No comment. Where did you live two years ago? No comment. No comment. Do you like travel dates? No comment. How many? No comment. Do you rope? No comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.