 Yesterday I worked so I got up, got dressed, drove to the station, caught the train to work, walked to Parramatta station Worked in court process stairs. Had my breakfast when I was up there. Had my breakfast when I got to work Um, yeah, I've got a coffee machine so I went downstairs and looked at that, went back upstairs, did work Had lunch about 2. Worked some more, finished at 4.30 Um, and then went back the other way, walked to the station, caught the train home, drove home Um, got home about 5.30, had some dinner, played on my phone for a little while and Watched 7pm project, Netflix channels for a while And watched Burn Notice later. I don't think I watched anything else and then I went to bed. I think it was 10 o'clock And you said that you got up about 7 o'clock or just before that. What time? 8 o'clock. No, no, no. Yeah Homeward? Um, McDonald's. Had a bagel Had a bagel. Oh, the McDonald's ones are quite soft. They're not like the... yeah, yeah, they're quite chewy But these ones aren't that hard. Yeah, so it's not too bad Um, so, um, what time did you go to work? Train gets in about 7.35, 7.40? Oh, I forgot I bought a coffee before I went to McDonald's What was the... I bought a coffee before I went to McDonald's Oh, um, so you actually bought the McDonald's before you... Yep, yep, when I got there, yeah And, um, you just worked the morning, daily duties and you had lunch Yep, uh, toast with avocado and cheese Have you had a veggie one? Yeah, that was what was in the fridge. I couldn't be bothered going out because it was so late Um, so how long did you have for lunch? Half an hour, roughly I think it was less than that And you finished work? Yep I had a... I was going to say a Kransky, but it's not a Kransky, it's a chorizo Chorizo sausage and a lamb chop and then later I had, um, banana muesli bread Yep, homemade banana muesli Yeah, I... I looked on the internet and got a rough, rough idea and then I can't help myself, I tweak Made it up Chucks the muesli in So you said that you got up yesterday? No, it was just before 7 And, um, you drove... No, no, I got a train And you got into work about 8? No, 8, well started at 8, so before that And you went to Red Roost to buy your bag? No, McDonald's McDonald's? Yep And you also... Coffee, coffee drinker Okay, and, um... No, about 2 And you had, um, um, Vegemite? No, avocado and cheese Have you ever had Promo? No, no What about Mum? No, Mum always bought Vegemite Yeah, did you ever try that, um, ice snack? Ah, yeah, yeah, yeah Did you like that? It was okay, but I'm not really a fan of the cream cheese spread, so mixing it with the... No I bought a jar of them Mine's probably still sitting in the fridge, I probably should throw it out Yeah, well I'm not sure if it's an ice snack or whether it's a cheesy white one Okay, so, um, you finished work at about... No, 4.30 Um, you caught a bus? No, a train Do you remember... I think it was the second carriage from the front, good question I don't remember, I think it was a down When you were on that, so, at 5.30, you were still on... Just 10 to 5, yeah Yeah, I'm on the train at 5, yeah Um, when you were on the, did you hear anyone raising their voice? No, no Um, so, did you have your iPod in your ears? No, no, I was playing with my phone though But you didn't have your earphones in? Didn't have the earphones in, no So if someone was yelling, you would know, you would have heard them? I would have thought so, yeah So you didn't hear any... No Was there any school kids? I don't think so, there may have been, because I didn't really pay attention Um, so, do you, are you aware if there was any... No, I didn't hear anything So you got home about 5.30? Yep And, um, dinner you had... No, I had lamb chop and chorizo sausage And, um, then you watched the PM, what channel was it? Yeah, it was on channel 10, nah, it was on channel 10 It's now The Project It's not called The 7th? Nah, it's just The Project, because it starts at 6.30 Because it's now 7.30 And then you watched, um, LA Law? No, I watched LA Law since the 80s Hey No, it was, um, what was it again? Must have been very interesting Oh, and Order No CSI No, I did flick past CSI NCIS No, that's not on on Monday nights And I watched Burn Notice later I don't know which before that That's where I was flicking around Oh, so it was Burn Notice? Yeah And you went to bed at about... I think it was about 10 Oh, it was, was it? Yeah Oh, you could just... Yep What colour... No comment Who did you have lunch with? No comment Two of... No comment Nine comm... No comment Nine comment? No comment Where were you... No comment How old are you? No comment Where do you live? No comment What is... No comment No comment Where do your parents... No comment Where did you live two years ago? No comment Do you eat... No comment Do you like... No comment Have you ever... No comment Do you ride... No comment When did you last see him? No comment