 I'll try and remember. Yesterday I woke up about 8.30 in the morning. My two daughters decided to sleep in so that was a nice little morning surprise. We woke up and my husband cooked hotcakes which he had learnt at our BBQ cooking school he did the day before so that was nice, also a nice little treat and they were quite good. Then my brother-in-law came over with his little girl and the girls just played out the back for a little bit and we just read the papers. And then we got ready and went to my husband's parents house for lunch. Well I dropped him and my girls off at their house and then I went and did some Christmas shopping so I spent a good $600 on toys which was lovely. I don't know where we're going to put them but we'll figure that out. What else did I do? Then I returned back there to pick them up and I had something to eat while I was there. And then we decided to, I had to wait for my little one to wake up and then we just decided to go home and it was raining, it was just a miserable day. And then in the afternoon we got home probably about 4 and then about 5.30 we left and I dropped my girls off at my parents house because they mined them every Sunday night for us so we can go to work Monday and they have them all day Monday. And then my husband and I went for dinner and we had Thai and then we came home and just potted around the house, watched TV and went to bed probably about 9.30. The Big Bang Theory again, it's been a very boring night on Sunday TV. Yeah, just the one show. About 9.30? No, no, no probably about 15 minutes away, 10-15 minutes. Morning, yeah. So yeah, well yeah they don't have to worry about being woken up early because they live a bit further west than what we do so it would be a hassle to drop them off and then come back to go to work. Yeah, yeah. In traffic too. Yeah, they love it. Um, I really cannot remember. I didn't really do much during the day on Saturday. Yeah, he went to a barbecue cooking school which he said was awesome. That was in the afternoon. He did it at the Willoughby Hotel. He got a voucher last Christmas and it's taken him a year to actually use it, just on the brink of it expiring. But yeah, he said it was awesome so I'm looking forward to him actually cooking something on the barbecue. Oh and then we had a 60th birthday party in the night, that's right. That was near my parents' house, just a family friend. No, near, near to, yeah. And my daughter actually, this is what I did Saturday afternoon, um, decided to put lipstick, bright red lipstick all over herself and empty out the whole lipstick all over her face. Yeah, bright, bright red lipstick. So that took a good hour to probably clean completely off her because it was all oily so it didn't come off properly. I'll show you pictures after. Believe it or not, no. It did get a little bit on the drawers but yeah, yeah. No, it was in her bedroom. So a bit on the drawers, tiny bit on the floor but pretty much just all on her face and her hands. Well, she attempted to do lipstick so it was like all here. And then she must have attempted to put it up her nostril because one nostril was completely covered with red. Yeah, it's funny now. Well, it did, she got a cut, she got a cut though on her, because I think she was sticking it, trying to stick it up her nose. So she got a cut from the lipstick, yeah. And then it did hurt because I was using my makeup remover to try and get it off because it's all oily, you can't get it off properly. So that took a while to get better. I know, yeah, she will. Yeah, 8.30, no. We're usually up about 6 o'clock so that was a good sleep in, yeah. Hotcakes, hotcake. Like, they're a bit more fluffier. You know how at Maccas you can get hotcakes? They're like fluffier. Yeah, they're not, they're like, no, they're like pancake but fluffier than pancakes, like a different texture. No, my brother-in-law came over with my niece. No, no, yeah, they left before lunch. What did I have for lunch? I had just chicken and salad when I got back there. No, at my parents-in-law house after I went shopping. Shopping, yeah, that's right. They were in the boot, yeah. Yeah, they were in the boot. Now they're hidden all over the house, actually. No, that's right. No, I didn't, I went to Top Ride. No, I drove. No. I probably got back home about two, I think, to my parents-in-law's house. Yeah. No, it was about 4.30 when I got home. No, I had lunch at my parents-in-law's house and I picked up my husband and the kids. No, we waited for her to wake up, about 4.30. I made popcorn and they watched the car race with my husband while I potted around, did washing and things. Yeah, about six, I think it was. Okay, six or 6.30, I can't remember. No, we actually went and had Thai at the Thai restaurant. No, I didn't. No, he had a beer. He probably does. Yeah, yeah, he used a credit card. Well, I saw him do it, so he did pay for it, possibly, but I know the color of his credit card. I didn't say the name on it, but I know the color and he got it out of his wallet. Eight-thirty, no, it was about 7.30. No, it was a big bang theory. I think we watched two. I watched about one and a half, then I went to bed, so it was two episodes. No, it's not, because it's on the Go channel, so it's not the current season, yeah. Yes, yeah, yeah. It's not on Fox, is it on a Foxtel channel? It might be on Comedy or something. We don't have that channel anyway, so we just watch it on Go and on Channel 9 when it's, but we record them, so we just watch, something to watch. I don't know which one it was. Yeah, it is. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, no, exactly, yeah. It was like How I Met Your Mother. I don't know what happened. Did you ever meet, did they ever meet who the mother was? Because it's ended now, isn't it? I don't know. I'm pretty sure they had the last episode, but I've missed out like that whole season. Yeah, see, yeah, which makes you, you have to buy the DVDs and that's annoying. Yeah, exactly, yeah. No, I went to bed about 9.30. It was bright red. No, she's got a little bit on the drawers. She was quite clean about it. She did get some on her clothes. No, I washed it. I don't know how, it's soaking now, so I don't know if that'll actually come out. It's got a navy blue top too, so I'm surprised it didn't come out. Yes. I sprayed it before I put it in but... No. No, it was a place near my parents' house. It's a family friend who was 60. No comment.