 Yesterday, Monday, oh okay, I got up about 10 to 6 and my two daughters then got up about one minute later and jumped all over us. It's a nice way to wake up. So we struggled to get out of the door by the time I had to be in at work, but we left on time. So I arrived at work probably about quarter to seven here at Parramatta and then about ten minutes later I piled into a car with two other people that I work with and had a road trip to Goulburn for two and a half hours. We had a bit of a pit stop at the service station before we got there. And then when we arrived we went inside to a lecture, that was about 10.30. We broke I think about 12 o'clock for lunch and we went into the meal room with everyone at the academy to have lunch and it was just very reminiscent of what it used to be like when I was down there, eating that awful food. Then we went back into the lecture after lunch was finished and what time would it have been? About 4.30 the lecture was concluded and we travelled back home and my sergeant dropped me off at my parents' house and my husband was waiting with the kids to pick me up and to go home. So what time did you get off? I got dropped off probably about 6.30 in the evening and dinner was waiting for me. God bless mum, made a nice lasagne already. The kids are all bathed, ready to go as well. So that was nice to just have a little bit of a relaxing evening and then we left there at about 7.30 and then got home and put the kids to bed and relaxed and watched some TV. Then I went to bed, it was probably about 9.30. D-notes? Yep. And what? I got home probably about 8 o'clock, yeah 7.30, 8 o'clock I think it was. What did I watch? Big Bang Theory that we had recorded. No, that was it. I went to bed about 9.30. Yes, I had an up and go when we were in the car. Driving to Goulburn. No, I was in the passenger seat. And then I was in the back passenger seat on the way home. Company car? Yes. What time did you leave? We left probably about 5 past 7. We stopped at Sutton's Forest on the Hume Highway. No, we didn't stop at a petrol station, we stopped at the cafe there. Like it's where the McDonald's is, I think there's a service station there also but we went on the side, that was just the cafe. Cooler Bar I think it was called. Yeah, where the McDonald's is, where the McDonald's is on the highway. Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's Sutton's Forest. Oh yes, it is. Yeah, yes, yes, yes, yes. No, I said we just pit stopped. Yeah, yeah, you've got a very good memory. I don't know. I don't know because I've never stopped there. Is there? Oh yeah, and that's where the Old Portos is too. The new Old Portos. Yep. Yep, three of us went. No, yes he did. What did I have? I had beef curry with some baked potatoes and some salad. And I wanted the honey soy drumstick but they wouldn't let me have that because I'd already had the beef curry. I wasn't allowed to have two choices, could only have one. It was a honey soy drumstick. You're only allowed one choice. No, no, I was surprised, yeah. They're very tight on their food. Yeah. No, yeah, well it was just part of if you're on the course you were just given lunch. We left Goulburn about 4.30 so we got, I got to my parents house probably about 20 past six I think it was when I looked at my clock. Yep, yep. My mum had made the dinner so my kids were at my parents house. Mum looks after them on Mondays while we're both at work so he had to go pick them up and just because it was easier because the sergeant leaves out at Penrith I just thought it was easier for him to drop me off at my parents house so my husband waited there for me to be dropped off. Okay and then you drove straight home? Yep, we drove straight home, yeah. So you? Yep, 5.50. Oh 5.50. 5.50, yeah. What time did you? 5.50. Oh, 5.50. No, no, no, yeah. So do you work? No, I work here at headquarters, yeah. Cereal? No, I had up and go. No, no, it's just like a little popper with like a protein drink in it I guess. Just for? Um, probably for about an hour but just because I was in a hurry I just had that, yeah. So you? Yes, I was. So when you? Yep, no I actually didn't because I had a muesli bar in the car just before getting there. I had it in my bag but the others did get something to eat. No, that was from the service station or the cafe thing that's there. How does that? No, no it's at the cafe just before that at Suttons Forest, yes. So you had lunch at about what? Yeah, it was probably about 1 o'clock. It wasn't? Um, they probably could have but it was probably about 12.30 actually because I looked, yeah. And you had chicory? Beef curry. And a? Yes, I had potatoes. Um, you got, you went at about 9? How I met your mother? Um, no it was big bang theory. Okay, yep to every question? Okay, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.ando