 I first got up Saturday morning and I packed my bag and then I went onto the internet. And I then, through one of the travel agencies, booked a plane flight from Sydney to Perth to Bombay in India, where I then had left the airport at Bombay and then caught a tuk-tuk to a large Tibetan monastery. There I rode elephants, monkeys, communicated with Buddha, spoke to a number of monks about their lifestyle. From there I then trekked over to Mount Everest, where I then went from base camp up to the top of Everest and then returned. And then I went to the base camp, then back to the top again and then returned. And then went back to Bombay and then went back again a third time, three times. So from there I then came back down to base camp again and then went from there to Beijing, again by motorcycle this time. And went from Beijing to see the army of the lost soldiers, saw that, had some lunch. From there went from there to caught a plane from Beijing to New York, where I wanted to take in a session of the United Nations because I have a deep and abiding interest in the world affairs and also the eradication of poverty from Africa. Listened to a session of the United Nations. From there went back to JFK airport at New York. Flew from there to the north of Finland, where I wanted to see the northern lights. So spent the afternoon looking at the northern lights, the Borealis Aurora. And from there then returned to Denmark, where I spent the evening in an ice cave, an ice hotel actually. Though, then again, it was only three stars, so you could describe it as a cave. That's pretty much encompasses my day. I can't recall. At that stage, the jet lag had got to the point where I'd lost four hours in the day and picked up 12. So I have no idea where, what time I was there. Sunday, Sunday after I woke and then warmed up, went from there to an ashram in Pakistan, where I took some herbal medication offered me by the local tribe. And then I don't remember anything till about the 15th. It included some varying pills, including your black, white and blue bamboo tablets. And some magic mushrooms. I drove a car. I believe so. I hope so. I hope it's still there. I haven't checked. I never flew from Melbourne. No, I did not. That's right. Apart from striking some turbulence in what appeared to be a rather inappropriate liaison between two cabin staff at the rear of the plane, no, I don't recall anything else. I thought that was coming from the cabin staff myself. No, I don't recall that. No, I don't. Not that I remember. Well, a number of people were very upset by it. There was crying. There was, that could have been the time I heard some yelling, but I didn't characterize it that way because it was in abject fear. So, yeah, so there wasn't angry yelling, if I misunderstood your previous question. No, that was to Bombay. Yes. No, I did not. I spent Saturday in Bombay up until lunchtime. No, it wasn't a zebra. It was a motorcycle. Oh, no, when I was in, I thought you were referring to the next part. I did indeed ride elephants and fed monkeys, but I did, no zebra. Wild. No, I don't recall that. No, no, it's, I went to Beijing via motorcycle. Can't recall now. And that's your phone. No, I didn't go to California. I went to New York. No, Finland. Finland. Approximately, yes. Northern Europe. There are Southern Lights. Yes, there are. No, it is in the Northern Light. I was seeing the Southern Lights that have gone to Antarctica. No, it didn't stay at Switzerland. That was at Denmark. No, I've never been to Switzerland. Yes, yes. Nice hotel. No, Pakistan. I went to Pakistan. If you wish to categorize it that way, yes. I can't recall anything after that. It's, I may have also slept for three days, I cannot tell you. That would have been the Wednesday following. Yes. To get back in time for work, it's a matter of time management. I wouldn't, it's for others to judge. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment.