 So yesterday morning I got up at 4.30am. I then went to the kitchen, well got out of bed, grabbed my clothes, sorry, more detail, then went to the kitchen, made myself a cup of coffee, then went from there out to the garage where I then had a cigarette with my cup of coffee. I then got together all of my work gear that I need for and put it in my carry bag which I then put on the back of my motorbike. Came back inside, collected some fixings for lunch, to the bathroom, teeth, kissed the bride on the head, went back into the garage, pushed the motorbike out in the street, put my gear on. I won't go into all the details but I put my jacket on and then my gloves and then my helmet but did all that. Then jumped on my motorcycle and rode down to work. I won't go through all the details with that. Got to work and then the first thing I did was come in from downstairs in the car park, then went to my work location up on the 8th floor here, and then went to my workstation, put my gear down, my bag and all this. Then picked up my locker keys, went down to the locker to get my uniform, got my work shirt, took that little ironing spot there that's down there and ironed my shirt, which would explain why my ironing, if you look at me, is not exactly as pristine as it could be. Then got changed, came back up, opened up my emails, had a yak with my comrade there and what was going on over the course of the day, etc. He then wanted to chat to me about another matter, personal matter, so we went off and did that. Came back, I got a cup of coffee, then went downstairs with a coffee to a smoking area and then came back. After that I came back upstairs, went through my emails, had a look at the news releases overnight, opened up the emails, went through any jobs for me, opened up the work that I do and started on that. More detail, do I keep going? I had lunch at midday, always aim for about 12. I'm developing a bit of a Pavlov's dog response to the clock, I'm sure of that. So as soon as it hits 12 I start to slobber and salivate and what have you. I had leftover barbecue stuff from the night before at home. So it was a barbecue, I had two small pieces of steak and some leftover potato bake. I continued on, had a meeting in the afternoon and then some phone calls received and also made. Then left work at quarter to three and then rode my motorbike from there up to, went directly to the gym and then met my wife there at the gym. Then we did a workout for a bit over an hour and then rode home from the gym to home and then from there had, no I didn't have dinner actually last night, I was in an awful mood and sat out the back reading magazines and smoking a cigarette. And I went to bed early last night actually because I was very tired and I've got to sneeze, is this going to be bad? Oh sorry, that and the phonetic. I went to bed at quarter past eight. Didn't have any dinner, no, no I did not. Generally for work yes, no just a cup of coffee. I have been known to drink tea but not generally. I can if it's offered to me but there's nothing else. No, cigarette. Don't smoke. Smoke a cigar if I'm blind, rotten, drunk and one's offered to me but I don't, not as a general rule. No, that was in the garage. No, I rode my motorcycle. No, I don't have a son. I started work at 6.30am. Yes I can. By the swipe card that we use both at the front gate, the, also use the swipe card at the elevator from the basement two level and then the swipe card into the door on the outside of the building plus the time that I started, kicked off my computer with my own password. That's not true, that's not true. Sure that the security cameras would verify that I came at that time. I also had a conversation with a fellow on another motorcycle at the, on the B2 level at that time. He rides a, I can't describe, it's a blue, blue and white Suzuki motorcycle. I can't describe but we can easily track him down to verify that. Preventive provider witness, yes. Plus the fact of the work colleague I spoke to when I started work, 12 o'clock. I had some leftover steak from a barbecue plus some potato bake. It was steak, not lamb. No, that's not right. I left at 2.30pm. No, I rode my motorcycle to the gym and met my wife there. Approximately, about an hour and 15. Yes it does. I live a considerable distance from here. Yes I did. No, about a bit over an hour. That good. No, we didn't. She drove her car because we met at the gym. That's correct. Yes she did. No I didn't. I'd say, I'd say occasionally. I'd say occasionally. Primarily because my, my wife and children like to watch television shows that I do not. So by choice, occasionally. No, that's not right. 8.30pm. 8.30pm. 8.30pm. I believe you. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Nah comment. Nah comment.