 Okay, yesterday, um, wake up at four o'clock in the morning, had a shower, came, drove to work, got to work about, parked the car about five o'clock, walked to work, got here about quarter past five, changed, got upstairs by about 5 30 and very uneventful day. Answered some phone calls, answered some files, yes, and then left to work, finished work quarter past, quarter past three, 3 30 and went home. Yes, I did have lunch yesterday, uh, 12 o'clock, yeah, 12 to 12 30 yesterday. Uh, went next door and splurged, had a hamburger and chips, chips, uh, at work, had a work wee bix, yeah, four wee bix, uh, 5 30, 5 30 to 3 30. If I have breakfast at home, it's too noisy, wake up the kids, so I'll usually have it when I come to work. Yes, it is. The wife does. No, yeah, park up the road at the free parking, which is about a 10 minute walk, just walk down. Um, drive left here at 3 30, drove to daycare to pick up the youngest two children and then drove to the, drove to school to pick up the eldest child and drive home, made them dinner, cleaned up, washed up, cleaned them, put them to bed and the wife gets home usually about that same time, just as they're going to bed, she gets home from work. So, uh, about a quarter to seven, seven o'clock. After the kids went to bed, we're out a bit later, usually on a Tuesday because it's pretty hectic in the afternoon. So it would have been about eight o'clock. Uh, what do we have? Homemade meat pies. Leftovers from the night before. Yeah. Yeah. No, I did on the Monday. Uh, what's a little bit of the final part of what was on last night? The X-Factor. I was in bed by quarter to nine, quarter to nine, nine o'clock to be back at work this morning for another early start. 4am. Usually 4, 4, 20. Yeah. In between either four o'clock or 20 past four. Uh, between say quarter past four and 4.30, depending on what time I wake up. Yeah. Jump out of bed, straight in the shower. Everything's laid out. Get dressed, go. This would have all been just all laid out in the bathroom ready for me. So just get it, stumble out, stumble out of bed, into the shower and a quick shower and change and straight in the car. Trying not to make too much noise to wake the kids up too. Yes. We drive, we've got a Mitsubishi Lancer that we drive as a work car. That's the one to and from work and the other ones, the kids car, family car. Yeah. They used to convey the kids around. No, no. So we've got a couple of car seats in both. Yes. Pretty much the same street. Yeah. There is, there is quite a few. They're quite a residential street. So there's obviously residents cars. Usually when I'm usually the same time as I'm parking there, there's other cars pulling in to park there for people that work here. Yeah. Um, on a good run. Yeah. 45 minutes. No, no, probably I was half asleep. Oh, I was half asleep when I was driving to work. So yeah, probably, probably my probably yeah. Yeah. Up the street. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. The, the, uh, after hours access. Yeah. Swap card and pin number. Yeah. You got to enter a pin number before five 30. You got to swap the card and enter a pin number because the revolving doors don't start operating until five 30. Yes, I did. Oh no. I was here at five. Yeah. The swap pass. The electronic swap pass will have more time if you enter in the building. I can't be right. Nah. Yeah. Well, we'll start at five. Cause did not have that accident before about that time. I had an accident about that time. So I would have been here. No, no, I came to work. Yeah. Nah, nah, I was here. I would have been a few people around, but I don't know. I don't know who they were. Can't identify them by name. Oh, okay. That would have been when I went and get a coffee. I came in through the door. Oh, I can't explain that. Uh, 12, 12, 12 to 12 30. No. If I have a meeting early in the morning, maybe if the meeting runs out of time, but usually around about the same time. No hamburger. Nah, three 30. I was at home by five 30. I drove home. Nah, I picked the kids up on the way home. Yeah. The three of them. Uh, two from daycare and one from school. Eight dinner, but made the kids dinner at five 30. Half hour, big round trip between daycare, the school and home. Half hour. Yeah. Clean it up. Made dinner. Quarter to six, a quarter to seven on a Tuesday. Yeah. Eight o'clock. Oh, the meat pie leftovers from the night before. I did. Uh, X factor. Nah, never watched that show. Uh, nine o'clock. Yep. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Nah, Commie, Nah, comment, Nah, comment comment, Comette, Comment, Comment, Comment, comment, not comment, not comment, not comment.