 Well I didn't sleep too well so I got up about two o'clock in the morning and had a bad dream. I just stayed up until I woke up in more normal time just after four. I refreshed myself, did the normal thing that people do in the morning to get ready to go to work. It was raining fairly heavily at the time. I went out and opened up the gates and reversed the car out of the driveway. Got back out of the car and closed the gates. I adjusted the seat in the appropriate position, made sure the radio or CD was tuned into one of my CDs. And then I adjusted the volume and then just took off and drove to work. And I've been at work ever since and this is the reason why I'm here now talking to you today. I did the same thing yesterday. Same thing, exactly the same scenario. What I did yesterday is what I did today. Yesterday about about 20 to 6 in the morning, 6am. So I'm a bit tight-fisted. I believe that I can use the money a lot more. They can go towards petrol as opposed to me parking. So I'll park at Harris Park which is about a 15 minute walk away and get a bit of exercise by walking to work. It's a fairly, fairly flat walk so it's not too taxing. Actually yesterday I didn't have lunch. No lunch? No. No, no not for that lunchtime period. I think I had an apple. So I was feeling a bit weak about half past 12. Yes I did. Oh that's right. About an hour and a quarter to an hour and a half. Apart from personal things. Turned the computer on, checked my emails. Some professor bugging me about getting some research done in relation to speech therapy course but I just ignored that one. About half past six, half past six, quarter to seven. It was nice. Steak and vegetables. No. Occasionally. Yes. Oh you want me to, instead of giving yes no answers, just extrapolate a bit and just keep the conversation going? What was on? I didn't watch, I watched, what was that show? A bit of X Factor and that was about it. Mainly getting ready for the next day and organising myself. Got to get up at about four o'clock in the morning so I can't have too many late nights. That would have been about half past nine last night. No. No I was reading the newspaper and various pamphlets and things prior to and just after tea time. Yesterday, yeah about four o'clock sorry. About four o'clock before, that's right, two o'clock this morning. Yes. Yes. No. Yesterday I had an apple and a can of V and a litre of water. No I drove, again drove to Caris Park, leave the car at Caris Park then walk 15 minutes and come to work so I don't catch the public transport too far. No. And I wasn't riding a bike or playing on a jet ski or catching a plane. I didn't even come by helicopter. Okay. Worried about the next mode of transport that I'm going to have to big questions in relation to. That is, yeah. Do I own? One, three. No family members have those cars, they look after those cars. Sometimes but not normally. There could have been somebody that was, depends on the day. No I was driving. Yes. Yeah, place that isn't restricted with times and they can park there all day and just leave it in the street, public street and then walk to work. Some. Yes. No, no parallel parking, reverse parking, just pull off to the kerb, into the kerb. I believe so, yes. I did, yes. About probably 10 to 20 kilometres per hour. No. I think there might have been, I'm not sure. I wasn't looking, I just quickly got out the car, parked the car and took off. It's about three years old. My car does, yes. No, not at that speed I was doing though. Or either that or I've got a faulty airbag. A little bit at the front, yeah. A bit of the bumper is indented and one of the tail lights or somewhere on the blinker lights at the front is broken. No, I just went straight to work. About the owner or the car, it's in the street where I normally park it. I think I need to ask my, see my solicitor at this stage. Okay, just for you. Okay. Gray, no comment. No comment. comment no comment no comment no comment