 Yesterday, yesterday was a bit more interesting than normal. I got up at 6am, drove to the Gordon Police Station, collected the vehicle tracking equipment and appointments and crap like that. Then drove to Chatswood Police Station and monitored some phone lines until 3pm when I then shot over to 23, 26-28 Glebe Street, Randwick and assisted in a Crime Commission search warrant. I was there for a couple of hours and then I went to a different search warrant in Randwick and then I jumped in the car and drove to Waverley Police Station. I was there until 10pm when I drove home. So that was a bit of a long shift, that was 15 or so hours, it was reasonably long. I did. I had two Weet-Bix and some muesli stuff. 6.38am. Oh, 10 minutes. Just collected stuff. 7.05am or something. I parked at about 7.20am, 7.30am and then it's a bit of a walk because I've got a covert car so I can't park it there. So it was a solid 10 minute walk. I didn't have any lunch yesterday. I had three or four slices of pizza at about 9pm and that's it. Yes. No, I finished up at Chatswood at 3pm, went to Randwick, finished up at Randwick at probably 8 or 9pm. No, I then did another one. Sorry, no, you're right. Sorry, yeah. I finished up at Randwick. Yes, I finished up at Randwick at 9pm. Then I went to Waverley, yeah. Yeah, pretty much. Yes. Yes. No. Yes, I had some cold chicken schnitzel and cold vegetables. Not really. I prefer it the way it is. 12.30pm plus. I watched about 10 minutes of a show called Housos, which is about housos. It's actually a really accurate portrayal of housos. Quite amusing. SBS. It's quite late so it'd be on. It wouldn't even come on until 10.30pm I'd say. 30-11pm on Monday. Well, they just take the piss out of them. Housos and lebo's and skippies and Caucasians. White trash. It'd take you back to the old days. No, I got up at 6am. I had two Weet-Bix and some muesli. Never. I don't mind it, but I don't seek it out. No, but I've had Marmite in America. I soon remember that it was sort of a nothing, like it wasn't, it was much moulder. Yeah, it was like nothing to it. You just sit there going, yeah, it's no big deal. Nope. I was aware of a water main burst. Boundary Street Chatswood. Boundary Road Chatswood. It held up the whole of the north of Sydney basically. The morning and evening peak hour. Nah, I think it just blew up, but it blew up at the intersection of Boundary Road and Pacific Highway. Yeah, it was pretty bad. It didn't take me that long because I was before the morning peak, because the morning peak in the North Shore was later than the morning peak in the rest of Sydney. Well, yeah, basically. Probably only 10 minutes, but some people it took ages, a couple of hours. I did see cyclists. I remember they were sort of just generally getting in the way, but no particular incidents. No, I've got a diary that I'm supposed to maintain. It's about a week behind probably. I'm the only one that uses it, so I can remember what I did. Yeah, just in their board, yeah, but it's not recorded electronically anywhere. No, it wasn't me, possibly. Nah, I didn't stop, I gunned it. No damage. Nah, it wasn't. Yep, 3pm, yep. Yes, no. No, I had dinner at Waverley. My three slices of pizza at Waverley. No, Domino's, not really. It was middle of the road, 12.30. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.