 I got up at 6am, shower, breakfast, got dressed, wore a suit yesterday because I had court, drove to, where did I, I drove to the police station, checked my emails, jumped on the train to Central Railway Station, got out there, went to their CCTV control room thing, looked at some footage, for a matter I'm investigating, couldn't find the right stuff, walked up to Central Local Court, got there about 9.30ish, had a coffee and a bit of a chat, then went into the court which starts at 10, and then sat there watching the 500,000 other matters before the defence solicitor turned up at 12.30, and then my matter got mentioned very quickly and adjourned again because the defence wasn't ready, and walked back to Town Hall Railway Station, got the train to Gordon, Gordon Police Station, did some ELI and all that sort of crap, then I drove to Chatswood Police Station and did TI monitoring stuff there, then I left about 4.30 and drove home to Jermoyne and then plugged my kids, had dinner and went to bed very early, like 9 o'clock or something. That's about it. Yes, I watched Mythbusters, that's what I watched, Mythbusters. It's the only show I can remember, I think. Yeah, I probably watched tidbits of other things, I can't remember what it was, I was just flicking around. I had dinner at about 6 o'clock. I had an enormous hamburger that my wife bought at a fish and chip shop, 5.30, on this occasion it did, yeah, yeah. Steak Grunker, yeah. I did. I had two Wheat Bix and some Nutri-Grain in the one bowl. Nutri-Grain, the Iron Man food. The little, the little, yeah, that's it. Yeah, it's alright. Bix and just a tiny bit of, like a handful maybe of Nutri-Grain. Yeah. Normally I eat just straight up Wheat Bix. Sometimes I'll put the two together if I'm just getting sick of Wheat Bix. Yeah, that's what I eat, 99% of the time. No. No. No. No. No. Unless I'm staying at a hotel or something, no, never. I do, yeah. Promite, I've heard of it, I don't think I've ever had it. Again, I don't think I've ever had it. I think I might have had Marmite in America, yeah. Yeah. No to Central? No, well I went to the CCTV bit, the Railcorp CCTV bit at Central. Top of Central Station. Lot there, Control Room. Central Local Court? No. Central Local is on Liverpool Street? It's, they're close, they're only about 100 metres apart. Central's very, it's a very old building, but it's, oh no, they've been running local matters there since probably 87 or something. Actually no, it would have been Petty Sessions then, but they do all their committals and stuff there. So most matters, most of the big matters for New South Wales have run through Central at some stage because it handles custody. It was about 12.30 or something before I got out of there. Yeah, yeah, it breaks at, yeah, about one o'clock it breaks. Well it was just, the matter was just getting mentioned, but it's a murder so I've got to go to everybody mentioned. But they didn't, the solicitors didn't turn up till late. I get there at 10 and sit there and sit there and sit there, but the fence, when he does turn up, he turns up at sort of five to 12. Yeah, because they don't hear, they don't mention it until the solicitor gets there. So he, even though he's supposed to be there at 10, he, there's no requirement for him to, because he turns up and says, I'm now here. They then give the magistrate the file. So I'm sitting there from 10 o'clock in the morning, but he can turn up pretty much whenever he wants. Well, because it's a mention, it wouldn't be the end of the world, but they'd go, if the magistrate went, where's the, who's here from the police or the magistrate had a question and I wasn't there, then they'd make a big hoo-ha out of it. Sometimes the defence don't even turn up. I got the train from town hall to, no, the train from town hall to Gordon, did some work at Gordon. I don't remember what it was, just the usual sort of crap. And then drove my car, which was parked at Gordon to Chatswood, where they have a TI monitoring room, and just polished up some of the calls on that. I always get the one right at the front. I go to one extreme end or the other because there's more space. And on this occasion, I got the one right at the front, directly behind the driver. Medium. There would have been 30, maybe. Yes, I do this time. Yes, I do remember a man in a blue jumper. Yeah, I had school kids. Yes, it was school kids last time too, I remember. No, no, no. You see school kids at all hours of the day and night. Because when they're classed. No, no, the man in the blue jumper was like a warb who, who when we stopped at Chatswood, I think it was Chatswood, or one of the stations on the way, for some reason the train was a bit delayed. And so we sat there with our doors open for about 10 minutes. And about 10 seconds before they closed, he got out. He suddenly decided that he actually wanted to get out of that station. Something like that. Yeah, yep. No, my wife bought hamburgers from Ocean Foods in Jermoyne, which is a very good fish and chip shop. But I don't eat cooked fish. So I had the hamburger cooked, I can eat sushi. But as soon as you cook it, it makes me chuck even salmon. As soon as you cook it, I can't eat it. There's some acid in it that makes me I don't mind the taste of it. But as soon as it hits my guts, that acid comes up in my mouth. 9930 no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.