 Wow. Okay, I got up at 6.10, got dressed, I drove directly to Chatswood Police Station. I parked in Tryon Street, walked up to, I got the lift to Level 2, went into the little office there, they've got a listening post there, did some telephone intercept related stuff, made some updates to case management, all that sort of stuff. Left the station at 9.30am, I walked through Chatswood shopping type area to Chatswood Railway Station, got the train directly to Town Hall. Sorry, is this sort of the way you want me to, yeah. Got off at Town Hall, walked to the Downing Centre local court, met up with the prosecutor there and then sat in the court for a fraud matter for the rest of the day basically until about 4 o'clock. Walked back to Town Hall Railway Station, got the train back to Chatswood, it was pouring with rain, there was about a million people. Walked back to Tryon Street, got in the car, drove back home to Dromoyne, had dinner, watched TV, played with my kids, went to bed. I started going to bed at probably 10 o'clock and read magazines and stuff like that until about 11 or 11.30am. I actually watched a show about a Welsh paramedic that she went to Guatemala and was a paramedic in Guatemala for a few weeks and it was called Most Dangerous Job for something like that, it was SBS or Channel 2 or something like that. I had leftover pasta, no, I did, yes, I had four Wheat Vicks, yes, no, it's a state crime. Yeah. First I went to, like I parked in untimed parking in the back of Chatswood and then I was at a listening post, Chatswood has a listening post there and I stayed there for, oh, it was until 9 or 9.15am or something I think, thereabouts, something like that, because I was late for court I remember. Yes, no, Downing Centre. Well there was the normal morning tea, actually morning tea was a bit late, morning tea was like 11.30am to 11.45am and then lunch was the stock standard one till two. I had warm beef Thai salad from Sumo Salad, yes, all the time. Well I didn't walk out of the, I would have walked out of the Downing Centre about 20 past four, walked directly to Town Hall so 4.30, 4.40, more like 4.40 because I had to wait for a bit. No, but I usually go to one extreme end so it was, it would have been right up the front where the driver is because there's less people in the extremities of the train. Yes, it was fairly well packed at Town Hall but then when we got to Wynyard it was absolutely jam-packed. No, definitely not. Just the usual sort of banter at the Downing Centre and that was it, but not particularly, no. Sorry, in the train. No, there was, yep, and I actually remember they were, they had their sports uniform on the top with their dress shoes and white socks. They were sort of half in one uniform and half in another. Yep, yep, not at all, they were actually reasonably well behaved. No, there was swearing but just as a part of, that's how kids seem to talk. No, not aggressive swearing though. No, no, just, just, oh what are you going to fucking do on the weekend sort of thing. Yeah, because they can't speak without there being swear words in it. Yes, walked straight back to the company car where it was parked. Straight home from there, I was planning on doing it but it was too late so I just went stuff and I went home. No, it was, um, can't remember what it's called, it's the one where there's the stuff inside the little ravioli. Yep, red sauce. She was Welsh and she went to Guatemala. By the time I went to sleep, yes. Yeah, just like car magazines and stuff like that. Yep, blue. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.