 Okay, I did a lot yesterday. I've got to start from the beginning. I got up pretty late, probably about nine o'clock. Yeah, about nine o'clock, I made myself a cup of coffee, called my mum and dad to come over, but they didn't return my call probably till about, probably 9.30. And we arranged the day to go down to town, to North Sydney to visit Mary McClip. And then we then decided from there to go to Circular Quay and hang out at Circular Quay, because there was a big international ship radiance of the sea that was at Circular Quay. So we decided to have lunch and drinks at the cruise bar. And we hang out there for a little while. We went up to the terminal where the departure terminal is, and said goodbye to people we don't know. And then, you know, like pretend that these people we know. And then we went to, what did we do? Then after that, it was probably about 5.30, and mum and dad decided, oh, we need to go to church. We need to go to church. We haven't been to church today. I go, we're heading towards Thornleigh, but then we decided, oh, well, no, it's only 5.30. We'll go to Mary MacCulloch, not Mary MacCulloch, St. Margaret, St. Margaret, Mary, St. Mary's Cathedral. We had mass there about six o'clock. It went on for about an hour and 10 minutes. Then we went home and had a cup of coffee, all of us together, and that was it. My brother joined us during the day, so he met us down there as well. So yeah. Yeah, that night. Finished about 10 past seven, yeah. Yeah, we drove my parents back to our house because they left the car at our house. So we drove back home. My husband drove back home. He was a driver. We got home probably about, it took us about, say, 35 minutes. We left the church at quarter past, probably about eight o'clock, roughly around eight o'clock, a little bit before, maybe, yeah. Oh yeah, when we came home, I made some eggs and cheese and tomatoes and cucumbers and coffee with that. So yeah, everyone was feeling a bit peckish after church. So scrambled some eggs, just, yeah, scrambled some eggs on toast, yeah. They left about 9.30, left home about 9.30. It would have been about quarter past 10. So I had a shower, cleaned up, done some bit of dishes and cleaning, and yeah, about quarter past 10, I went to sleep. It would have been about 11.30, yeah. Yeah, there was four of us in the car. From North Sydney, it took us probably about 20 minutes on the Harbour Bridge from, yeah, probably about 20 minutes because from North Sydney to the city, into Sir Clicky, it's probably about, we've trafficked probably about, I don't know, 15, 20 minutes. Yeah, we drove, yeah, from home. No, we had to stop over at, what you call it, we had to stop over at Mary MacKillop first. Then we'd done a visit at Mary MacKillop, like a pilgrim visit, like, you know, you pray over the tomb and the church, and, you know, the mum and dad does their little prayers and petitions, and then we stayed for about an hour, probably about, we got there about, say, 12 o'clock, and we stayed there for, to about one o'clock, 1.30. Stayed there for a good hour and a bit at Mary MacKillop. Yeah, about one o'clock, 1.30, we headed down towards Sir Clicky. We stayed there for lunch for the rest of the day. No, we didn't go to Dunhoe, no. No, no. The cruise bar is at, cruise bar is at Sir Clicky. Yeah, some ships stay at, dock at Sir Clicky. If it's a big ship, it can't travel under the harbour bridge because it's too high, so it docks at Sir Clicky, but the smaller ships dock at Darling Harbour. We saw the big ship. Yeah. Oh, okay, we ordered wedges, chips, salad. Yeah, just wedges, chips and salad. Yeah, my brother's met us down there. My brother drove down, he got up late, so he met us at Sydney, probably about two o'clock. So we waited for my brother and his family to come along and he joined us at the cruise bar and we had a lunch together. Yeah, yeah, yeah, oh yeah. I think he had probably about three glasses. Well, we ordered two bottles of wine amongst the four of us. So each one probably, I had about, I think three, Danny had about two or three, I think, and he had a beer in between. Mum and Dad and I shared the two bottles with Danny. And then when my sister-in-law arrived, she had a bit of a drink to taste and she liked it. So we just poured her another drink. So out of the two bottles, we had probably about three each. Yeah, probably about three, I think three. With a beer, probably four, yeah. Yeah, his last drink would have been probably about, probably about five o'clock, his last sip. Yeah, probably 5.30. Yeah, 5.30, because we waited, no, he had his last drink at 4.30, because then we went up to the terminal, the goodbye terminal thing to wave to the people. And probably 5, yeah, probably about 5.30, we left Circular Quay to head towards St. Mary's Cathedral. No, we drove. No, it was after lunch. Yeah, yeah, it was after, yeah, 100%. I think so. Yeah, no, it was 100%. Five o'clock, the boat left. And the passenger terminal is, because they started to, we had lunch, we stayed downstairs, and we went up to the passenger overseas terminal, the departure terminal, it was five o'clock, yeah, the boat took off, started to reverse out into the ocean. Yeah. No, 10 past seven. Yeah. It was a long mass. Yeah. We caught the, no, no, we drove back home. My husband. No. I think I had a bit more to drink than he did. Well, he holds his alcohol more than I do. Yeah. Oh dear, what time we get home? No, we got home about eight. A little bit before eight, yeah. Yeah, scrambled eggs on toast. Yeah, scrambled egg. I don't know, I've never toasted fried egg before. Yeah, yeah, something like that, yeah, yeah. But I scramble them first with salt and pepper, and I'll just throw it in, and it comes out fluffy. Yeah, like a pancake, they're really nice. No, no. Oh, when you just crack it open? Yeah, I have, yeah. But I prefer the scrambled. No, no. No, we had cheese, cucumbers, and tomatoes. You sound like, no, it was like, you know how you cut up vegetables on the side, and you just like, while you have a sandwich, you just take a bite of the cucumber? I know. You do, yeah. Yeah, went to bed about 10, 15. Oh, that was a dinner. Dinner was about, okay, well, we got home about quarter to eight, and I started straight away, so probably between eight o'clock to nine o'clock, we'll sort of like munching, and yeah, yeah, you know, the midnight, you know, or late munch, yeah. Oh, no, about nine-ish, I think. Yeah, because I had the wedding the day before, yeah. Around nine-ish, or 9.30, something like that, yeah, yeah. No, I don't pay for parking. Yeah, it was Sunday, it was free parking on Sundays outside, because we went from home to Miramie Killip, so we parked outside the, because see, I've had a knee injury, and I've got disabled sticker, so I can use, I display my disabled sticker on the parking, one hour zone or more, so I don't pay for parking. So I parked outside Miramie Killip, and then Circular Quay, I parked outside the four-hour zone, parked there all day, my husband. Yeah, like we parked. Yeah. Yeah, it took us a long time to find parking, because the city's always busy on Sundays, and it's like, we were going around in circles about six times, and then we eventually found one after about half an hour, 40 minutes of driving around Circular Quay, we eventually found one. We also had to wait about three minutes for the car, you know, the pass, the people to get into the car and drive off, but yeah, thank God we found one, because I can't walk long distance, my knees swell up. Yeah, so it took us a long time, but to find parking, yeah. Yeah, something like that, yeah. Well, around something like that, well, yeah, it was like, you gotta give and take half an hour, sort of thing, no, no, because no, we waited for my brother to come, so he came about 1.30, two o'clock, so we didn't have lunch till my brother arrived at Circular Quay, yeah, we all had lunch together, yeah. Um, no, nothing, no, never, no, never. It rained, yeah, it rained, it was like, it's really weird, it rained probably about, it rained between probably about three, from 3.30 it started to get like cloudy, and then it rained, because when we were upstairs on the overseas terminal, the people that were on the boat, so like, they started to run, and we're thinking, well, thinking, why are they running for? And when we got out of the lift to go up on the overseas terminal, we saw it was raining, so yeah, it just like poured all of a sudden. No, probably about, it started to get dark about 3.30, 3, 3.30, and then it sort of like was sprinkling a bit, but then it got a bit heavier about 4.30, five o'clock, yeah. No, it was sunny, it was actually quite pleasant, actually. Yeah, no, I didn't know, oh, no, I didn't feel a thing at all, and it was pretty, no, because I don't think that would have happened, because no, we didn't feel anything at all, because he parked the car, and we got out so he can park it properly, so we knew that he was okay. No, no, that's right, we got out to make sure that he wasn't, because he had to reverse park between two cars, and no, yeah, no, we didn't feel anything at all, he didn't, I didn't see anything. Are you sure it's the right registration? Oh, I don't think so, no, nothing, because he reversed the car, and we saw him reverse the car, and we watched out for him, and plus, he's got also front and back sensors, so he would have, he's very particular with his car. Maybe that's a mistake in, I don't know. No, we, well, we didn't check, but you would notice if there's damage, because Danny would have noticed. We just got in and drove off. No, there wasn't any break, no, nothing, no, yeah. At my husband's work, yeah, yeah, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, comment no comment no comment