 Yeah, I guess I got up at 5.30. I went back to sleep because I just couldn't get up. I was so tired I got up at 6.30. So physically got out of bed at 6.30 Came into work got into work at quarter past seven and I had an upload day for roster in fortnight and I basically work only got out of my chair go to the toilet and go get something from the mailroom bring back to my desk and Finish an upload at 3 p.m And then stayed to work to about quarter past four started work to about quarter past four ten past four I'm not quite sure then I'm drove down to Maryland's to pick up something and then I had to look for a dress for For a Christmas party for tomorrow and then went drive to my sister's house because we do aqua aerobic on Wednesdays together and Had a coffee before we went with a husband 630 was the aqua class We drove to the pools at 620 p.m And done a probably an hour session of aqua aerobics till 730 I think 30 730 and then dropped off back up at home by 730 I think or quarter to 8 and then drive back home had a shower had a light meal and Went to bed. I would have been about quarter past 8. I think no. Yeah, that's 730 so yeah about 8 quarter past 8 or 8 30 something like that. I I had like salad and prawns with avocado and lettuce. Oh my husband had the TV on We were just like I was lightly watching it. I was just talking more than watching. So yeah, I was some movie I can't remember what it was called some action movie that my husband was watching that was on Foxtel I can't remember what it was called No, I about 11 o'clock by the time I cleaned up a bit like, you know I got the towel out of the bag and done a bit of a load in the wash. I think after dinner and Would have been about 11 o'clock. Yeah, like I drove down to work street parking Oh, I'm probably about two minutes if that or not even probably about a minute because I've got disabled parking permit. Yeah 7 15 I got into work. Yeah, that's right. Only when I got into work. Yeah, I did had a I had toast cheese sandwich. No. Yeah, I do actually. Yeah, what's that? No, never I know I had it but I think I prefer the betchamite. Yeah, hardly hardly Maybe the last one last time I had peanut butter was probably two years ago Yeah, our lunch would have been about like I started to get hungry probably about 11 30 12 o'clock So I had a tuna with crackers at my desk and a bit of a yogurt Yeah, it was this new Greek yogurt that Wooliz has got on Special it's just a Greek yogurt, but it's got like a berry So it's all white yogurt up the top and it's got berries down the bottom quite nice Actually had another one today. I know I had the shower the night before so I'll get up and get just get dressed Yeah got up at 5 30 when the alarm went on and then I just couldn't get out of bed And I just kept snoozing and snoozing and snoozing till about 6 30. Yeah, but I was awake Yeah, I wake with my eyes closed 7 15. Yeah Oh, I need if I've got something on but I most times I start at 7 15 most times or 7 o'clock Because I leave home about say 20 past 6 or 6 30 So I try to be here at at 7 o'clock if I can because I like to start early to finish at 3 o'clock I'm on the flexible Flexi thing flex under the know the flexi awards for public service finish early start early finish early thing I like to do that. No, that's not right. It's I know I started at 7 15 I you'd have to check with them security You can um You can have a look at security because when I swipe my card to go in it normally records that so you can check that If you want no never no, yeah, I've done it a couple of times where I've actually changed bags and I Forget to swap the pass and put into the other bag. I'm taking to work. So yeah, I just got a temporary pass Yeah, no, it was with me all the day all day. Yeah Yeah, I don't know can't be right. It's not right. You sure is it documented? I'd like to say it Yeah, show me I need to I don't know I find that very hard to believe because I'm I got up at what I left home at 6 30 and Takes me half an hour to drive into work and I had a good run. So, you know, it's I find it quite hard to believe I don't understand and there's the data's wrong. Yeah now 12 o'clock 11 30 12 o'clock. I had lunch Yeah, yeah had a nice key. I get just this ungrateful Greek-greek yogurt that was on sale that my husband bought so I can dry out. It's some it's new on the market It's like a new product on the market. Yeah, I had that for breakfast actually Yeah, I had I would I have I had um, hey, what I have I had crackers Tuna and crackers for lunch and a bit of tuna and crackers for lunch and I had the yogurt for lunch and for breakfast I had the toasted cheese sandwich. No, no, I didn't. Oh, no. No, I finished work at 415 Yeah, so yeah, I had to finish work at 4 about 4 because I had to go down to Maryland's to pick up my sister So we can go to the aqua rabbits. Yeah about quarter past 8 or 8 30 quarter past 9 I was a home by then. Um This week I'm going not every night three times a week, but this week will be two days a week No, oh no, not channel 2. It was some Foxtel on a Foxtel channel the movie channel. It was an action movie No, I know I went to be at a living caught live in p.m. Yeah, no comment, no comment. No comment. No comment No comment, no comment. No comment. No comment No comment, no comment. No comment. No comment, no comment No comment, no comment No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment