 Okay, when I got up I made my children breakfast. I made my mother breakfast. I put a load of washing on and I put it on out to dry. I fed the dog, then I packed lunches to get everyone ready for school. Got on the train at five o'clock in the morning and went to St Melons and went and bought myself a coffee before I started work. Then at work I did nothing all day and then at lunch I had a three-course meal for lunch with a hot date and then finished work around about seven o'clock at night. Got a taxi home to the North Shore and had dinner, KFC for dinner and I watched a movie, The Patriot and then went to sleep at about 11 o'clock at night. After I had a shower. So what did you have for breakfast? Eggs Benedict. And what time did you say you got off? I think it was seven. Seven? I think. No, might have been five. Five a.m.? Yeah, five a.m. Are you sure? I think so. So you then came into work at lunch, what time did you get off? I think that was around about one, an hour. Where did you have your three-course meal? At a Thai restaurant in Manly. I walked. And you met your friend there? Yeah, I had a combination, what was it? What was it? Mixed entree, sorry, mixed entree and I had a satay chicken and for dessert I had sticky rice and mango. So you got back to work at about two o'clock? About that, yeah. And you worked all afternoon and you said that you caught a taxi home? Yep. How much did the taxi cost? Fifty-five dollars. Do you have one? No, not on me. Do you have one? I think I might have one in my wallet, not sure. Do you remember getting it? Not sure. When you got home, where did you get the KFC? It was there, my husband went and bought it, so it was ready when I got home. And so what did you have? We had a family meal, I think it's crispy chicken and original recipe and I think there was some nuggets and chips. So you told me before that you got up at 7am. Yep. Are you sure it was 7? Maybe it was 5. It's a two-hour gap, so have you got any idea whether it was 5? I think it could have been 5, yeah. It might have been 5 because I did a lot of stuff that morning, like washing and breakfast, so it must have been 5. And you fed your dog? No, the dog. Do you have a cat? No, sometimes. Did you take your dog for a walk? No. When was the last time you took your dog for a walk? Me personally, probably about four months ago. Do other members do that? Yeah. So you caught the train into work? Yep. And is that a straight through train? Or do you have... No, straight through. So what time did that get into work? I think it was about half past 7, about quarter to 8. A colleague of yours has told me that you actually told... 10.30. I had to go to the library first and I had to go to the post office, but I don't think it was 10.30. I think I started before then. Okay, why did you go to the library? I had to take my son's books back. So that was personal? Yeah, personal. And what about the post office? No, that was for work. I had to buy some prepaid envelopes for work. So you used to have the docker? Yes. Okay, so that would be timestamped? Yep. What time you purchased those? Yep, we should. So what time do you think? Probably around about maybe 8, quarter past 8. Is there any way you can verify? On my flexi sheet. I think I might have put the time I started on that. On your flexi sheet? Okay, what time was it? I think I put down maybe 8. So you could start at 10, but just put 8 on there? Yeah. So the time is added? Well, if I was going to the post office, well that's in work time. So I take a bit of work time before I take that into consideration when I clock in. It could be 8, it could be, I'm not really sure, I can't tell you exactly what time I did put on my worksheet. It could be a bit later than 8, but I'm not sure. Do you have to use a security card at all to get building? Yeah. Did you have your security card with you yesterday? I did, but the gate, some guy walked through and I walked in after him. Okay, so you didn't actually use it? I didn't actually use it, no. Are you aware that there's CCTV security cameras in the building? Yep. Okay, we've actually checked that fully and the first time we see you entering the building yesterday morning was at 10.30. Right. Timestamped on the video? Right. What did you say about that? Oh, I could have, that might be right, I'm not sure. Okay, so when you went to the post office you got a receipt there, it was a Dane, the stamps? Yep. So what did you do in 8, 5, 10, 30? Gee, that's a lot of time, isn't it? I met my brother who is in the job and we were talking about work and so, and then we had coffee for a while, but I'm not really sure what time that was, maybe I forgot the time when I was with him. So you're saying that time that you spent away from the building was actually all business? Yep. Alright, so you come back from that, you get it back at 10.30 and you work for the rest of the day, you have lunch at about 2pm? No, I think I had lunch about 1. And for lunch you had had some pie and you had a mixed entree with chilli chicken and sticky rice and rock melon? No, the chicken was satay, I think it was satay, pretty sure it was satay, and it was mango with rice. No, with the sticky rice, mango. Oh, with the sticky rice. Okay, and you had that in North Sydney? Yes, I'm not sure, it might have been Bondi, I'm not really sure, it was somewhere over there towards the river. Could it have been Manor? It could have been. Okay, so you stated that you walked to Manor? Yep, I walked. And the distance from Manly, from your place of work, is quite a distance. It probably wasn't Manly then, I don't really know the area, I just walked. I had a directory, a street directory, and I was following the street directory to meet my friend there. Okay, so you didn't meet your sister? No, no, a friend. A friend. And a friend? I've known her for about 10 years, we grew up together, we were in school together. Okay, did you say earlier that you'd actually met the man? Yeah, I met my brother, who's a man. No, but for lunch? No, no. To who were you saying, for lunch? I don't remember. So, after lunch you've come back and you've finished work? Yep. And you finished work at about 5.30? About 7, yeah. Okay, do you always work that late? Yeah. Is that your usual working pattern? Sometimes, well, mostly. Okay, so then you've caught a taxi. Yep. Do you have a receipt for that? I think so, I might have it at home in my bag, or I could have it in my wallet, but I don't have my wallet in my purse, but I don't have it on me. Okay, we've received information from the taxi that a person matching yours picked up from work and was driven to address, believed to be your address, and that you failed to pay for the taxi ride? No, I paid for it. It was $55, I remember. Well, that's fine that you remember, you can see it on the readout. Yep. But did you actually pay for it? Yeah, I did. How did you pay for it? I had a, with cash, I had a 50 and a 10, and he gave me a $5 note back. Do you remember if he gave you a... He might have, I'm not, I'm not sure. I'll have to check that. Okay, we've got to make some further inquiries about that. Do you have some on loan? Yep. If you could just answer that. Okay. What is your name? No comment. What is your address? No comment. What is your date of birth? No comment. What is your favourite food? No comment. Today's Saturday? No comment. Do you know Fred? No comment. Where were you last Wednesday? No comment. Do you have a driver's license? No comment. Do you live in Sydney? No comment. What car do you own? No comment. Are you meeting with Mary Phillips? No comment. Do you own a dog? No comment. Is it raining? No comment. Do you own a motorcycle? No comment. What time did you meet Anthony Smith? No comment. How many keys do you have on your key ring? No comment. What is your email address? No comment. Who is your favourite author? No comment. Do you speak French? No comment. Where did you have lunch? No comment. What did you have for breakfast? No comment. Did you drive your car to work? No comment. What is your favourite thing? No comment.