 Okay, um yesterday morning I got up about about quarter to six Got on the train came to Parramatta and had a coffee a croissant Got on my desk got in about ten past seven and started working on the computer then I did Work until about quarter to four went home I went to the video store and purchased four videos Went shopping bought some things for lunch today came home and Had dinner probably around about seven o'clock watched a bit of TV got the kids dressed for bed And then went to bed myself around about ten and chicken and vegetables in the oven. Yeah. Yeah Um horrible histories with my children horrible histories. It's actually quite good. It tells The truth about what happened, you know, it's it's an English show and it tells the kids about what happened in the past You know with them like the Kings and Queens and different things Do you know the Aztecs and different, you know races and stuff and what happened and it's actually they do it in a fun way Where the kids just watch and they do it by songs. It's really good ABC 3 does it it's an educational thing for them So I watched that with him. I think that's on around about 630 yeah, what's your day movie? I forgot. Okay. Remember? Yeah the guy from the American office I don't remember. Yeah, let's show the office Yeah, not an English and then the English did it first and then the Americans did it. No, not really Yeah, yeah, the English one was quite good, but I forget that guy who's in it. They have the office Um, the boss is just a fruit loop drains got what she said and he has interviews and stuff with people and they've got no Idea, it's funny and they've actually be interesting to work in the off do any work. Yes at ESC about Quad to one had chips and gravy. Yep or next door. Yeah. Yeah next door. Yeah. Um, I don't remember Yes, I think I'd yes cereal Just mix cereal fruit and nuts. Yeah muesli. Yeah, of course. Yeah. Um, yeah in winter sometimes Yeah, yeah. Anyway, yeah, if I got time, I'll eat porridge. I like porridge. Yeah. Yes. Yep I went home first and then I went to the video shop. Yeah Yeah, I drove from the station went home first with the kids and then no no No, I drove to the station morning and afternoon drove back home went home Did a bit of something and then went to the shop. I think it was the five to think it's around about then Yeah, no, I don't recall seeing any schoolchildren the last pretty much last or second last It all depends what time I get on the train if it's the last or second last carriage It depends how many trip carriages it's got because when it wins it go when it goes up to when it Goes to the train station. I'll get off and it's right. I have to walk very far. Yeah downstairs Yesterday I didn't I usually I usually do if it's loud if people talk to sure I can't concentrate on my book I'll put earphones on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah With music I can I just tune out I suppose and then just read but when people are talking I saw like cartoon out to know what it is. No, no, no, I didn't hear anyone. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, it was no No, no, no didn't hear anything didn't say anything No, okay. I think it was 545. Yeah, nice Cereal that comes off. Usually that's it A train caught the train. No, never I know I drove my card to the train station 10 past 7 Yeah, oh, it's close to 8 or 10 to 8. Yep. That's right. It's a lie. No, it's 10 past 8 No, I had to come in quite early yesterday. So I remember Yep, coming in just after 7. Yeah Yeah There's a girl who I sit with and she actually made the comment saying I thought you're gonna come in at 7 and I said Oh, well, it's close enough. That's right. Yep. No, sorry. It was quartered back quarter to four. Yep Yep, five to four something around about that just before four. Yep. No, I went home first. Yeah. Yes Yeah, I did no went to IGA. I got some videos. Yeah. Yeah, I got one. I got one blu-ray Yeah, you've got a blue blu-ray that takes CDs. Yeah. No, I got rid of those probably about two weeks ago No, you can't can buy them but somewhere like eBay or something, but no to about two weeks ago Yeah, I just in the cupboard because we got a new TV And so I had to we had a a big mental case thing and it was chocolate block with videos and DVDs and everything So we downsized we had to get rid of a lot of stuff why that went so no more kids video I know probably around about seven maybe I raised chicken in veggies. Yeah, that's right. Horrible history. Yeah, horrible history No, it's about ten. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment