 Okay, first got up to lay in bed for a little bit longer and read Twitter on my phone. And then got up, had a shower, fed, let the cat back inside, fed the cat and got dressed. Sorry, oh okay. Got dressed, then my son woke up, so I'm going to snuggle and put the TV on for him. This is all about sort of 6 o'clock, because he's not allowed out of bed until after 6. Put the TV on, I checked my emails, put makeup on, grabbed two bits of bread for my toast when I get to work in the morning, kissed child, kissed son, let's go, kissed child, who is my son, kissed my husband, went back inside, got the get the key, left the house. Woke up to the train station, noticed that my headphones for my mobile were misbehaving, which was quite annoying. Got the train, wasn't hit platform, waited for train, got train, took train out here after changing at Strathfield. What do I do? I then walk up to level 9, I then checked my emails here, went down to get coffee, made my toast, had breakfast, started then actually really working, running some reports, paperwork, all of those exciting things. Had lunch, went for a walk, met up with a friend for coffee, which was nice, downstairs. Had lunch, got back on left here at 3, train and bus home. It's kind of weird that I don't have blank moments of what I do during my day. Yes, actually ended up getting the train back into town to get the bus back out, collected my son from school. We then walked home, I wasn't feeling well, so I had a little lie down on the couch. He natted to me about his day, I made dinner, that was about it really, watched TV. Going to bed, I stood up and watched, I like Wednesday night ABC TV, I stood up and watched The Hamster, which is the Chasers new show, that finished I would say about 10, yeah it must be, just after 10. Yes, I had, that's right, because I had to go for a walk up to the bank to deposit a cheque, so I went and got Chinese from the Octagon Centre, so I had comfort food of fried rice and sweet and sour pork, because this is what I grew up having on a Thursday night dinner, yes, when we'd go out to the shops. Yes, I had Vegemite toast, it was in two pieces of whole grain with some butter and Vegemite and an extra strong skim flat white. I had lunch, probably about 12, yes, what do you mean, no, it was probably after 12, when I got back and actually ate at my desk during my walk. Ended up having a Greek pita wrap with some steak, like sort of, effectively a steak sandwich wrap thing, lettuce, cucumber, beetroot, a little bit of baba ganoush, because we had some in the fridge, baba ganoush, it was an eggplant dip, you know what I had, it's a dip, yes, effectively you get eggplant, the way you make it, is you get eggplants, you barbecue, you roast them, so on a hot flame is one way, until they kind of go smooshy and then mix it up with some tahini and lemon juice and this was made by a friend. Yeah, it's really good and smoky and interesting and thick and yeah, goes well on a steak wrap thing. A little bit of that, yeah. I remember when my husband got home, which was about 7.30, yes, no, he had fish fingers and frozen vegetables, the fish fingers are at least cooked, I guess I have a child who is a fussy eater, but he gets away with it because he eats a lot of fruit and veg, it's just meat we have issue with, but yes, fish fingers is, yes. So you were saying you got up yesterday and you worked? Yeah, look, I read Twitter on my phone when I was still lying in bed being a slug and then looked at Facebook when I got up on my computer. Yes, yes, we have two computers in the house and my phone and two laptops. Oh, but you left the dog in? The cat? No, no. Yeah, we did. I grew up with a dog, I grew up with a Doberman, a female one called Duchess, who was awesome and I'd love to have one again, but I live in a small house with a small backyard and apparently it's impractical to have large dogs. Yes, yes. So your son got up at what time? 6am. You caught the bus down to the train? No, just the train. I get the train to work in the mornings and changing at Strathfield because I live in the inner west of Sydney. And then, so yeah, I get the train, like two trains into work, but then because of where my son's school is, I get a train and then a bus to pick him up from school in the afternoons and then we walk home. No, I don't drive. Nope, I have no licence. I tried to learn three times when I was 16 and I kind of manly crashed three cars. So now I'm a little bit afraid and I know that kind of I'm now, I think that's more, I've missed my opportunity of when you're a teenager, you're immortal. I'm no longer immortal. And there's a reason I live, I pretty much have always lived ever since I moved out of home, in May, like in near public transport. So someone told me they saw you. I'd say ha ha ha ha ha, no. Yes. Okay, so yesterday morning, walked to the... No, no, the train, yesterday morning, train, up to the train station. And you changed? Strathfield, I don't know. Is Smithfield even a real place? Yes, yes, they might have a train station there. Okay, so then you came into work... Uh, ten past seven. Yes, yes, yeah, that's if I get the 6.32 train. Colleague of yours... Lies. I don't know why they would think that. So what time did you go out? About 7.30. So you bought the... No, no, I bought, I got coffee from the cafe, and got, bought in my own bread, and made the little toast in the kitchen upstairs. So is it possible that you were out 8.30 when that happened? No, but I may have ducked out to go to the bathroom downstairs? No, no idea. Okay, is there any way you can verify that you... You could look at, what could you, you could look at the swipe card thing downstairs, from the security desk. Okay, we've actually looked at it at 8.30. I can't explain that, I'm sorry. We've checked the company and they verify machines have... Mm, mm, mm. We've also checked... I'm sorry, I can't explain that. No, it was 10.07 according to my watch. Look, my watch could be wrong, the trains could be wrong. Yeah, who knows? I don't know, I can't explain. When you came back from the cafe... Yes. With your coffee and toast... Yes. And promite? Vegemite? No. I've tried it or marmite once, and I can never distinguish between the two. I bet they were both revolting. So you've had your toast, and you didn't work? About 12. And you had Korean... No, sweet and sour chicken and fried rice. Okay, so China. Yes, China. And then you... No, Friend for Coffee was actually in the morning, sorry. Oh, that was in the morning, when you were eating? No, much later. Maybe that was it then. I went out to meet a friend for coffee at about... It was actually 9.30, so I don't know where the 8.30 is coming from, but 9.30. So then you left work at... Three, yes. You were away? Pretty much, yes. So then you caught the train... No, the train to the... To a different train station, to Bedford, and then got the bus to my son's school. Yes, yes. The Woolworths? No. When you got in... No, I wasn't, that's why I laid down on the couch. He watched TV, told me about his day. And... About 7.30. About 7.30. When my husband came home. Oh, and your husband came home. Yes. And you had... Eggplant dip, or eggplant baba ganoush, it's called, on a steak sandwich wrap thing, like steak wrap. Yes. And your boy had a little party. Fish Fingers, yes. So then, after cleaning up, you start watching... Yes, yes, we did actually, yeah. And the groom... Planet, is it? Yes, whatever they're doing now, yes. And then you watched the rabbit wheel? No, the hamster wheel. 10.30, no, after ten, sorry. Yeah, after ten. Okay, yep. No comment.