 yesterday being Wednesday, am I correct? Yes. Wednesday I got up at approximately nine o'clock and I sat around home for a number of hours organizing different things. What I'm doing for Christmas, who I've got to buy Christmas presents for, sorting out bank details. I then rushed off to the shops, did a bit of Christmas shopping, that was at Castle Towers. I went to Kmart to buy like a scrapbooking kit for a friend's daughter for Christmas and bought a few other things. I bought myself a money box. What else did I do? Trying to find this shirt for my mate's son and I can't find that anywhere. Once I'd finished in Kmart I went down to Target and had a look around there. I grabbed some pens and some erasers, took those up to the counter and paid for those. And then I got some wrapping paper as well which I quite liked. And then my mum rang me, said get home, hurry up. So I took off and went home. We went and had a look at a house that I'm interested in buying. Had a bit of a chat with the owner there, had a look around the house, saw a few problems with it that we have to take up with Strata. Made an offer at the end of the day. Then we went back to my house. My parents left a short time after that, after we'd had a bit of talk and a cup of tea. And then I got in the car and I shot over to my friend's house where she was having a little bit of a get together with some friends. I went over to give her a hand and make sure that everything was organised and the kids were in bed. I stuck around there until about nine o'clock. Actually no it was later than that, it was about 11 o'clock. Went home, climbed into bed pretty much and went to work the next morning. Yeah, went to sleep, went to bed, went to sleep, woke up, went to work. Last night, oh geez it must have been 11.30. Yeah. Yeah I think I cooked myself an omelette. Some bacon and some tomato and some chives, bit of egg, bit of milk, bit of cheese. I'm guessing that it was about 11 o'clock, 11.30ish from memory. About 25 minutes. No, no, too much shopping to do. I did, good question. Just had some veggies and veggies and schnitzel, chicken. No that was at my friend's place. Had to be at home, must have been three o'clock, five past three. I remember looking at the clock as I was driving out at five past three. No I didn't, I left the shopping centre at four o'clock. Yeah four o'clock. Yep, raced in, spoke to mum, then we jumped in the car and went and had a look at this house. Six o'clock, probably 10 minutes later. No it was about 8.30, yeah about 8.30 I think. Can't remember, must have been, must have been about 8, right about 8.30, give or take. No, um I had an omelette. No, no I walked, yeah it took me about half an hour. Uh yeah no I didn't buy too much though, I walked back. No, left it at home. No, no that was for, came, that came at Target. No, no, no I didn't, I left Target, went straight, straight home. No, yeah to be at home, in the bag still yeah. Probably about, I think it was about 25 bucks, somewhere around there. I think I paid card. I think I paid card. Yeah I paid on my visa. No I don't remember, don't remember walking into my area at all. Nope, nope, yep, no, no. I left at about, it must have been about 3.30 because I arrived home just after four. No, no I walked home, left my car at home and walked to the shops, picked up, my parents are at my place so jumped into my car and went down to this house that we were looking at. No, no, no it's just four townhouses next to each other. Three bedrooms. Oh it's a two-story, two-story apartment basically. No, no it's attached to the one next door. No, strata. Yep, yep, no I did it last night, yesterday afternoon. No, about six o'clock. No I went to my friend's place. Ah she's like a sister so yeah, you can call her my sister if you want. Oh chicken schnitzel. Yeah every now and then, not regularly but yeah, no it wasn't that late. It was probably about 11 o'clock. I think I got to bed about 11.30 ish. Sure, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment,