 Yesterday when I got up was my day off. Yeah, Wednesday was yesterday. I woke up at about 10. I had a bit of a sleep in. I went and had a massage. And after the massage, I did a bit of shopping at Kmart. I had to get my friend a book and a DVD. And then I went, raced home and got on the phone to Skype with my brother, who lives in Canada. And we chatted for about an hour. About Christmas and what we're going to do when he's here. Then I jumped back in the car and went to Target. And collected a lay-by that I had got for a friend. Did a few other things, tidbits in Target. And then I went to my friend's house and delivered those presents. We wrapped a couple of prezzies before the kids got home. We had some hamburgers for lunch. And the kids got home. We chilled out at home. Then in the afternoon, I stuck around, helped out with dinner and the kids a little bit. And then I went home. Got to bed at about 9 o'clock last night after watching some TV. Last night I watched some recorded programs of NCIS and NCIS LA. I like both of them. I don't prefer one over the other. I defrosted some fish which we bought from Audi which is really, really nice. And then I crumbed it and cooked up some chips. And some sweet potato chips as well. Demolished those. And then I had some leftover Christmas cake and some custard. So you didn't do your... No, this was... Oh, sorry. Yeah, I've mixed my days up. No, I was at work yesterday, wasn't I? Yesterday was Thursday. So last night was when I had the fish. The Wednesday was when I was at my friend's place. Yep, sorry. We had fried rice and a zucchini slice and some salad. Yep, Wednesday night. Sorry. Yeah, that was on Wednesday at my friend's place. We went up to the shops and purchased it from the local milk bar. It was a late lunch and it was about 2.30, I think. No, I jumped out of bed because my brother texted me and said, I'm going to ring you at 11.30 and I knew I wanted to get to the shops and do a few things before I was going to talk to him via Skype. So I raced out of the house and went and had my massage and then came home. So I didn't eat anything until lunch. At about 11 o'clock? Yeah, yep. Just at the local shops. I try to. They're good. Yeah, just to relax and... Yep, yes. No, it was about 9 o'clock that night on Wednesday night. Yep, on Wednesday night. I watched a couple of videos as well, some were recorded. I must have been about 11.30. So you said that you got up... No, yesterday. Sorry, Wednesday I got up about 10. And yesterday? Nope, I left home about 20 minutes later. I jumped out of bed, got changed, went up, had the massage and came back. Okay, the massage? About four minutes, four or five minutes. So did you do any sporting? Yeah, I ducked in and had a look at Kmart. Oh, so that's before then? Yep, I think I said before. I had afterwards. Yes, I went to the Kmart and then I had the massage and then I raced home. So you've had the... Yep, Kmart at that time. Bought a book, a Blu-ray video? Yep, DVD, yep. I think it was actually a Blu-ray, but it was on special. And then you went back? My brother was ringing me at 11.30, but I was running a bit late. I think I got home just on 12. So when you went to the ground... No, it was only outside parking at that particular shopping centre. And were there... Yes, yes. Okay, and did you get a... Yes, I did. Yes, there was. Straight in? I drove straight in. Is that car... Yes, just one. So you were... Maybe just before, maybe just before. Because I think I spent about 15 minutes in Kmart before I ran in for my massage at 11. So it would have just been slightly before. So you cut the pipe? Yes, yep. Received a... Don't know anything about it. Nope, nope. Yes, yes. No, yes. Approximately two months ago? So the car is in good condition? Yes, it is. It's a 2007. So when you went back out... Yep. Did you speak to the lady? There was nobody in any vehicle near me when I got back to my car. When I first got there? Nope, there was nobody around me. Where's your car? Parked at home. Parked. It's either on the street or in the garage, in the driver. No. Okay, so you got home at about 30? Yes. No, just after 11. I'm guessing it was around about midday when my brother actually got through to me. Okay, so... We had a little bit of trouble because we were doing it on Skype. And then after you... I'm guessing it was probably about an hour? So at about... Yep, I think it was actually just about 10 past 1 I jumped in the car and took off down to a different shopping centre. So you didn't go back? No, no. Then after you... After I did shopping I went to my friend's house. Yep. Had... No, we had hamburgers. We jumped in the car, I arrived, jumped in the... My friend came out, we jumped in the car and we went up to the local hamburger shop and just got hamburgers. I did. No. Do you remember... Yes. Then you went... I went to my friend's house, her hubby was there. We sat down and had our lunch and not long after that, maybe about half an hour after that, Tony got up and left and went to pick up the kids. For dinner you had... No, we had... I had fried rice and a zucchini slice and a little bit of salad. You got home about... Yes, I'm guessing... Oh, yeah, it would have been somewhere around there, 10, 10.30ish. Lauren, Lauren... No, no. I watched NCIS LA and NCIS. So you watched them 10.30 in the morning? Yes, thereabouts. Thereabouts, yes. So, are those shows... Yes, but once you fast forward the ads, because it was all recorded, so I just quickly fast forwarded the ads. I think I'd half watched one of them, so I just started where I'd stopped. Okay, what's your favourite? No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Where were you last night? No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. What is your... No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment.