 I woke up at 5.30am and had a shower, got my lunch ready, I cut up some salad, no I didn't make lunch I just made fruit salad for breakfast, got all my stuff ready and walked to the train station, Quakersfield train station, which takes me about 20 minutes to get there. Once I got there I got on the train and caught the train from Quakersfield to Parramatta where I got off the train and I walked to work. Work was a little bit slow yesterday, didn't do too much, had a few things on my mind, had some lunch and then went home at about, I dropped the boss off at his place at about 3.30am and came back to work. I left work probably about 5, quarter past 5 last night and caught the train home, got home and had to go out at 7 o'clock real quickly to pick up some paperwork just down the road and then I returned home and fedged out on the couch all night watching TV and playing with eBay. I think I was watching what I'd recorded, I was sort of watching TV and working on eBay so I wasn't taking too much notice. I think I watched one of my criminal minds, I think I climbed into bed about quarter past 10. Some weeks I have Wednesdays off, some weeks I have Mondays off, so I had Monday off this week. I went down to this really good fish and chip shop and I had, I didn't actually have fish but I had schnitzel, schnitzel and chips and salad, it was very very nice, just down the corner. No, can't have dairy unfortunately. I bought it to work with me and I had it once I got to work. Yeah, just chopped it up and got it ready. Only if I'm on call. Yes. I just walk to the train station, takes me 20 minutes to get there and I train it. I don't drive at all during the week if I'm not on call. No. Yeah, 2km. It's good exercise. Well if I'm late, I'm late. I usually walk in the door about 20 past 7. Yeah, I do 7. 7.30 to 5.30. Probably about 1 o'clock? No, maybe half an hour. Yeah, thereabouts. Train home? Yeah, walk to the train station, call it home. Would have probably been in the last, third last? Yeah, there was. There was a fair lot of people on the platform when I got there. Fair few people on there when I got on. No, no, there's not usually. Yeah, probably. Bit early for the school kids. There might have been like one or two but it wasn't like it normally, what it can be where they're all rushing on you. Yep, I was in the last one. Yeah, usually. No. If it's raining or something like that, I might go up the line a bit so I don't have to walk too far from the last carriage to the undercover of the train station. Yeah. Yeah, I do actually. Yeah, 5.31. Yep. Oh, okay. Yes. Approximately two kilometres? No, Ruth every now and then but not very often. No, no, she went out with a friend last night. Yep, yeah I did. I parked in the driveway. Yep. Yep. Only the person that I was going to see, yeah. His car was in the driveway in front of me. There was a car I parked on the street behind me. Yeah. Yep. No. Oh, I think so. Yeah. No, no, don't think so. No, I don't think I did. I might have parked a little bit close but I don't think I parked that close. No, I'm pretty sure that it was all good. I'm pretty sure when I came out my car was still in the spot that I parked it in. 5.30, yep. If I'm working, no. No, because I catch the train at 6.38. 6.48, sorry. And it takes me 20 minutes to walk. No. Didn't have anything before I got to work and I had salad. Like a fruit salad. Fruit salad? To the train station, yep. Yep. I haven't caught a bus in 20 years. I just have never needed to catch the bus. No. Definitely didn't catch the bus yesterday. Yeah. I start at 7.30 but I walk in the door usually about 20 past. Got nothing to say about that. Yeah, I swap my pass every day when I come into the building so I'm sure that they'd be able to work that out. Yep. No. No. Nothing to say. I can't remember who was in the office when I got there yesterday. No. Can't think of anyone. Maybe, maybe, oh, I know I had a quiet day off yesterday. Maybe Lisa. You'd have to ask her. No. But one, yep. I had a chicken schnitzel, chips and salad. Definitely wasn't veal. Tasted like chicken. Looked like chicken. I don't know. Didn't take that much notice. I just saw the chicken schnitzel and figured I wanted that. No, no. I went back to work. I actually had lunch with Lisa. Yep. No. No. That was in his work car. No, he was going on holiday so I had to bring the car back. No, I finished work at about 5.15. Yep. If I feel like it, I might just jump on it. If it passes me, if I'm near it when it's passing, I'll jump on. Takes a little bit longer to get home but sometimes it's nice. I don't recall. No, no, no. I went out at 7. Yep. No, I was watching Criminal Minds. One that I'd taped. No, no. I was on eBay. Yep. Trying to sell some products. No, yesterday, no. You were doing something with the manager while you were watching. Yes, don't attach that please. No, I was watching a Movie, oh. What was it called? Regardless of the one you put on. What? Am I going on my tie? OK. Ugggh. Ugh. OK. What are we going to do now? Do I go in the dark and haunt this experiment? I'm circling it. Can't sleep? Oh, no, I try to trust am with a CCTV. I do believe this is the source of the problem. It's hidden in the goodness of this world. It's a lie, and so thank you. It's in the bit we have, and it's there. Yes. Polaram.