 Okay, I got up, it's my day off yesterday, so I got up at 7.30, made coffee, had a shower, potted about for a while, jumped on the computer, checked my emails. Then a friend arrived at about 10 o'clock and we went and grabbed a coffee, she brought her baby with her, we went and grabbed a coffee and then we went for a drive up to Avalon, which I didn't realise was so far away. We had lunch up there, went for a little walk and then drove back home. My friend dropped and stayed in, fed the baby and then she left. That was at about 3.30 I think. And then after that, I did some washing, it was very exciting, did some washing and then just potted about on the computer and read I think. No idea what I did, I just potted. Again, lazy day. I really should pay more attention to what I do some day. It was nice though, I didn't have to go to work. Last night I had dinner at about 6. Oh, last night I had duck breast and just some potato and zucchini cubed and fried in duck fat. No. Yep. After dinner, after dinner, what did I do? More computer work and just potted I think. Potted about, tidied my room, washed the dishes, cleaned the kitchen and then my flatmate got home about 8.30 from netball, caught up with her for a bit, then I went to bed. Went to bed at 9.30 but I watched Offspring, or half of it, and then I went to sleep. Yeah, I thought I'd watch that but I only slept half an hour. Yeah, it's the first series again, they're just replaying it, which is handy for me because I was overseas last year when it was on. So I've been watching the first series now to catch up as to, and that made the second series make more sense to me. Channel 10. Yeah. Yes. Don Haney. Yeah. Some shows. 7.30. Yeah. I had a banana and some coffee. That qualifies, it was a big banana so that qualifies as breakfast. No, no, after the coffee. No, she rolled about 10. Yeah. Just one baby? No, just the one. Went up to Avalon. Yeah. Not a great deal. Had a piece of bread. We took a picnic lunch. So I had a piece of homemade bread and I had a peach and I had some really yummy homemade oatmeal cookies that are, I think, pretty much dairy-free, fat-free, no eggs, nothing in them. They're held together by mashed banana, it's quite bizarre but they were yummy. There was no sugar in them either. You're looking at me funny, yeah I know. We've decided that they were healthy cookies therefore they wouldn't have been fattening but I'm pretty sure they'd have to be somehow. But they were yummy and I think the amount that you eat probably makes them fattening. Can you ever stop at just one? No, my friend Claire made those. Yeah, she did something. Oh God, no, no, just a little walk. Yes, oh, Claire drove, I was in the passenger seat, the baby seat. I was between two and three, I think, because we got home about three. Yeah, close to it, yeah. Yeah, I didn't realise how far Avalon was from North Sydney but because you don't go past any bushland or any countryside and it's just always houses or shops. Well, I guess you've got lower speed limits as well but it's actually quite a distance but normally growing up in the country if you travel that distance you're travelling and there's no houses and no buildings. But here it's very bizarre. But then I haven't lived in the country for years so I probably shouldn't fall back on that excuse. Yep, yep. No, oh we almost ran up the back of one car but yeah, no. Nope, not that I saw. Yeah, she's talking. No, she'd cry a bit then she'd go to sleep and then she'd wake up and cry a bit more and go to sleep. She was a little bit yesterday but then we just would keep talking and she'd go, no. Ah, no. No. Could've, yeah, no. No. No, I don't think so. She's not the type of person that would do that. No. No. No. Yes. No. No, she came in because she needed to breastfeed the bub. No. No. No, I did some washing. Ah, just on a clothes horse thing inside. Yes. It did start to rain. It wasn't but then the rain came over and started. Yes, I did. Couldn't tell you which one. I think it was a magazine I read. I did read something. I am reading a novel at the moment. Ah, I didn't. No, because I save it for the train. So I've got something to do when I come to work. No, I had dinner at six. No. No, I had duck breast with potatoes and zucchini. Ah, from the local produce market and it was in the freezer. No. No, I think you can get it from Woolies these days but I live on in North Sydney and you can sort of get some little flash things every now and again but the local produce markets are there. I just stop the road once a month so I got some from there. Um, it's not cheap but it's not really, really expensive. I pan fried it. So you just, you scour the fat, the fatty side because the skin's quite fatty. You scour that and then you put that, you put the fat side down first and you, on a medium heat, I cooked it at a too high heat yesterday so I stuffed it. Put about a medium heat of the pan and about six minutes on each side and then you let it rest. And you can put honey on it and I did put honey on it yesterday but because the pan was too hot I burnt it and it didn't taste as good as what it normally does. It's yummy though. Yeah. Just honey, just put a bit of honey on top but you can just cook it plain or you can squeeze a bit of lime if you wanted to over it, depending on what flavour you're going for. You could, I think a lot of the flavour's in the fat so, but after I cooked it with the fat, I actually, I took the fat off it then but I used the duck fat to cook the potato and the quini in as well. I had a bit of onion in with that as well, it was quite yummy. I put the potato mixture on the plate and put the duck on top of the potato mix, sort of sliced it but I had to, I took it out too fast, I really stuffed it yesterday. The first time I ever cooked it, I cooked it really well but yesterday I just totally stuffed it. I will, I've got one more duck breast in the, I'll give it another shot. Ah no, 9.30 in the first season. Yep, sure. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment no comment no comment no comment