 I woke up five minutes before my alarm, so I lay in bed for five minutes and when the alarm went off I turned my alarm off. I got out of bed, went straight to the bathroom as I usually do, turned on the shower, jumped in the shower, took a shower, then went back to my room after my shower, got dressed, went into the fridge and took my fruit out of the fridge and put it in a plastic bag, put that in my work bag, grabbed my work bag and my house keys and left for work. Then I walked from home to the coffee shop, grabbed a coffee, walked down to the train station, jumped on the train, caught the train to work, came to work for quite a number of hours. At work, answered the phones, did some typing, read some emails, did some research. Then at the end of work, jumped on the train, came home, my flatmate cooked me dinner, which was really nice because I didn't feel like doing it. I think I played on the computer, did a bit of telling, went to bed, oh gold, went to bed at, oh it was early last night, went to bed at 8.30. Do you remember what you watched on TV? Oh, Big Bang Theory, yep, that was it. Just the Big Bang Theory? Yeah, I think so, oh hang on, something on, the show that came on after that, I can't remember what it's called, I paid a lot of attention to the TV. Oh, what's it called? Big Bang Theory. Yeah, it just goes on in the background, it's awful, I've got to turn it off, my flatmate loves it. It was, it's called, it's got that Australian actress in it, which helps a lot, narrows it right down. I cannot honestly remember the name of the TV show. What time did you have dinner? I had dinner at about 7. I had, oh, last night I had lamb, it had been marinated in some Moroccan spices, and then pan fried, had some asparagus, I had halloumi cheese, and salad, with a salad dressing, and then for dessert, did I have dessert? I had a small ice cream. And what time did you finish work? Finished work at 5.30, 6.30, about. Did you have lunch yesterday? I did, oh I'll go with 1 o'clock, I think it was about 1ish. Remember what you ate? Chicken wonton soup, and some pork buns, pork buns, you know, little Chinese pork buns. I'm not saying it very clearly am I? No. Oh okay, they're really yummy. So you had soup? Had the soup, yep, wonton soup. And did you have breakfast? Not when I got up, I had breakfast when I got to work, I had fruit, yeah, bananas and blueberries. Oh, you sound hungry. And how did you sleep? Would have been quarter to five. Quarter to five? No, no, no, that's fib, quarter to six, that's better, yeah. And what time did you leave home to walk to the train? Quarter past five, quarter past six, sorry. What time did you start work? Got here at 20 past seven. So you said that you went to bed? Nothing was 8.30, yep. And you said that you watched telly, How I Met Your Mother? No, Big Bang Theory. Channel? Channel 9, I think, yeah, Channel 9. Did you ever watch it? Yes, I did, that wasn't last night though, that was Wednesday night. Yeah, yeah I did. What did you think of that? Oh it was really good, I liked it, but it was a bit sad, cried at the end, because it was the last show. I know, I'm an idiot. Yeah. And you said that you went on the computer, did you Skype anyone? No, no. You did go on? Got on Facebook, checked my emails, played a bit of Scrabble, and read the news. Did you have a dinner? No, no, I wouldn't know how it worked. And then you said you had dinner at 6pm? No, I think it was 7 last night, 7 I think, yeah. And you caught the bus home from work? No, train. For dinner you had? Pan fried lamb. And you? No, my flatmate did. And you had lunch about? No, I think it was one. You had pork roll? No, chicken wonton soup and pork buns. So yesterday, after you got up, you had your shower and you caught the bus? No, I walked down to the train station. Did you ever catch the down service? No, too close to the train station to warrant getting a bus. So what train, what's your service? The 627. No. How many people? Not in my carriage, no. Do you remember if you were? Upstairs, yes. There were other people on that floor? Yes, yep. Do you remember which? Yep, the second last carriage. Did you get anyone to yell at you? On the carriage? No. And you were about halfway in? Nope. No yelling? No raised voices? No raised voices. Did you have earphones in? No, no I don't use them. So if someone was yelling at you? Yep. So you didn't hear any raising? No, no swearing. So you said you got into work? Yes. A colleague of yours? They're lying. Is there any way you can verify? There were two other people in the office when I arrived. Do you have a security for the building? Yes, I do. Do you loan that? No, it stays with me. Have you ever? No. So you've never had a visitor? Not in this building, no. We've checked the data from the security turnstiles and the data shows the first time you walked in the building, you swiped just 8.30. Oh, well someone else was swiping it because I came in at 7.30. Oh, sorry, 20 past 7. You came in? Yep. And we've also checked the security for CCTV and first we see you enter the building at 8.30. Oh, that's not correct. I came in at 20 past 7. And you said that there was security. Yes. Do you think that they would verify? Yes, I do. Further inquiries are here for you. Yep, sure. What is your favourite? No comment. What is your date of birth? No comment. What is your... No comment. No comment. Today's Saturday? My guess is nine. I'm afraid you'd be here too. Nine and a half. Yeah, that's my hope. Thanks everyone. Yeah, she's out there. But we're waiting for your comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. You're on a motorcycle? No comment. No comment. How many keys? No comment. Who's your email? No comment. Who is your... No comment. What can you... No comment.... ask? No comment. Where do you drive your car? No comment. What work team?