 Okay, I got up early in the morning and first thing I did was get out of bed, go and take a shower, wash my hair. Then after my shower I got dressed. After I got dressed I grabbed my house keys, grabbed my fruit out of the fridge, put them in my bag and then went downstairs to go to work. On the way to work I stopped and got coffee, had a quick chat to my coffee people, then kept walking down to the train station, jumped on the train, caught the train to work. I read a book about Sydney on the train to work yesterday. Came into work and started work at about, I got into work at 7.20am. Started working on a policy and then had lunch about 12.30am. Got home from work last night at 6.30am. Cooked myself some eggs on toast for dinner. Talked to my flatmate for a while, played on my computer, watched a bit of telly and then went to bed. I watched Big Bang Theory and I watched a show on the ABC, I think it was called Running to New York or something similar, Running to New York I think, it's a documentary, that I watched Crownies. I do, yes. I liked it, bit of a soapy about people in a law firm. I wonder, oh they're in the DPP so yeah it'd be interesting to see how true. It's funny though, sometimes you see, I could see some similarities, some of the cases they brought up I thought oh that could be sort of similar to things that have happened. It's interesting. Yeah, oh I know, the pain of our existence those shows. What can't you get to do you know in a day? I would have been after Crownies, I think that comes on, oh god, is it 9.30am or 10.30am? I've no idea. Did they? Oh yeah, okay so I would have got to bed at 10.30am because it would have been about 9.30am. Quarter to six, about if I include my coffee stop it will take me 10 minutes. Yep, yes, alright. Yesterday, oh god what did I have for lunch? Oh that's a hard question. Yesterday I had had fruit, grazed on fruit through the morning and then for lunch, honestly I cannot remember what I had for lunch yesterday. Oh yeah, I'll go with pizza. No idea, what did I have for lunch? Okay I had a chicken sandwich with coleslaw and mayonnaise on whole grain. 5.30am, oh no yesterday quarter past five. No I caught the train home. The middle carriage, the one just behind the conductor's carriage. Um no I watched the news first on telly. Two fried eggs on toast. Sometime, love poached eggs. Yeah because I can't poach them. For a little bit yeah I watched a bit of telly. No I got up at 5.45am. Work days, yes. Yes. Yes. No I got in at 7.20am. Yes there were two other people in the office, not normally, never have. No, the supervisor signed that at the end of the day. I guess they go on trust. No probably not. Official start time is 7.30am. Yep. I caught the train to work. Caught the train that leaves at 7, oh sorry it leaves at 6.27am. It is. I have no idea what time I had lunch. Um I can't remember if I told you. Um I think I would have had lunch yesterday at about one. I don't think so. I'm sorry I can't remember. No I had a chicken and coleslaw sandwich. Yes it was. No 5.15am. No I caught the train home. It was the middle one near the conductor's. Upstairs. Um average. Wasn't full but it wasn't empty either. No. No people talking on their phones but there was no raised voices. No. No. No I didn't hear anything. No nothing. No. Nothing that caused me to listen. No I watched the news. Watched the ABC news. I do sometimes yeah. Oh depends on who's on it. Yeah. No I had fried eggs on toast. Yep. No just fried eggs and toast. No I watched the Big Bang Theory. I used to but I'm a bit bored with it now because I've seen all the episodes. Yeah. Yes. Um actually no I only watch the free to wear stuff. My flat mate watches mostly Foxtel but I watch yeah. Yes. Ah not Channel 7 it was on the ABC. Yes. No. 10.30am. 10.30am. Yep. Yes I did. With cash. I get yesterday I gave them a five dollar note. They did. To the man. All right. Yeah well that's a lie. I paid for my coffee. Just says the people that make my coffee. Every morning I go to work I go there. Positive I paid for it. No. Mm-hmm. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.