 Mm-hmm. Fantastic. Licensed to lie. Okay. I went, okay, when I got up I made my son's breakfast. I then had to go to physiotherapy. At physiotherapy I received treatment to my right knee involving the physiotherapist pressing his weight down on my leg to hyperextend the knee. Yes, I can tell you it's excruciating. Then he digs his thumbs into my calf muscle on various tendons to see my reaction. Yeah. Then I went home. I took the dog for a walk. I then returned home and made lunch for my wife and I. I contacted our internet service provider to discuss issues we are having with our internet connection which took up most of the afternoon. At three o'clock I went and picked my son up from school. I took him up to the main road to have his photo taken for passport application. I then came home with him, got him ready, well gave him food because he's always starving at three o'clock in the afternoon. Once he'd cleaned out the fridge I got him ready for swimming and took him up to squads. I sat and talked with the other mothers for an hour and a half discussing children, animals, shopping budgets and the like. Progress in swimming squads. I had a coffee with them. Just generally was another mother until about a quarter past six and it's chased the kids out of the showers for the next 20 minutes, or at least try and get them out of the shower. Dry, changed, hot chocolate in hand, back home. My wife and I then watched ABC News and 7.30 report, catch up on Presidential Visit. We all have dinner together and then because my son has five o'clock start it's early to bed. We read for 20 minutes and then lights out. That was pretty much my day. Last night about 20 to nine. Yeah, we get into bed about 20 past eight and read. You know, usually it's longer but about 20 minutes we read. Sorry, at 8.20. I got up at seven o'clock. Yes, cereal, fruit, cereal, juice. That was it. I don't know what it's called. Plus or something. Uncle Toby's Plus. It's supposed to be full of antioxidants and which is important at my age. The appointment was at nine o'clock so I dropped my son at school early. Half past eight, about half an hour. Yeah, about then. Yep, that's the local park near home. Yes, it is. One year. I would have been out about 10 o'clock. The Wallabies were playing on Erskineville Oval so I watched them for a bit. Let the dog have a run. Came back because the dog park's next door, the oval. Came back, chained him up and then caught footballs at James O'Connor was kicking off the oval. I would have got about home about 11, bit after 11. Yes, yes, I was a bit after 10 past 11, something like that. Soboro Gohan. Soboro Gohan. It's, you want the ingredients list? Yeah. A bit after quarter past 12, towards half past 12, something like that. Yeah, about half past 12. Yeah, about three. So I was on school ground about five to three as I am usually. Up to King Street to go to a photo shop to get my son's photo taken for a passport photo. No, we got home about quarter to four. Swimming. No, never picked up a racket in his life. No, no. It's an hour and a half. Mums. So I'm being voted an honorary mother. Swimming finishes at quarter past seven. Sorry, quarter past six. Yep. No, we always get home about quarter to seven. Good question. I went for dinner last night. Oh, pasta. It's a prostitutes pasta. It's named that because apparently the Nepalese prostitutes used to serve it to their customers after their sessions. And it's made from anchovies, olives, capers, and salmon or tuna in a tomato base. I think it was tuna. No, I think we're only eating salmon now because of the problem with tuna. Yeah. There is chopped capers, onions, olive oil, lots of olive oil, garlic, black olives, and anchovies. And then hers. Yeah, he eats everything. Yes, yes. Well, I caught bits of it between trying to organise baths and you know. No, I went to bed at about 8.20 and the lights went out at about 8.40. No, my wife was up. So I took my son into his bedroom, lay on the bed with him and read for 20 minutes or something. Yeah. Well, he read to me and I read to him. No, I went there from, oh, sorry. Yes. Came home from physio at about quarter to 10, something like that. Yep. Then about 10 ish, went over to the park. Two minutes. I saw that they were on the oval because I walked past the oval to get to the park, which is next to the oval. Went into the park, let the dog off the lead, and then came back after I released the dog. In the park? Not that long, about half an hour. At the park? No. Mm hmm. Possible. It's, well, I didn't see him do that. There weren't that many people. So no, I deny that. Mm hmm. Mm hmm. Mm hmm. I'm afraid they must have mistaken the identity. My dog wouldn't bite anyone. No. Yes. Yes. No. No. Mm hmm. Mm hmm. No. Well, as I said, there weren't many people in the park yesterday. Yeah. And if there'd been an incident, I would have remembered it. Yes. If you classify that as a puppy. Yeah. It barks. It's a terrier. Not silky terrier. They're very friendly. They're very good with children. They're not an aggressive dog in any form or manner. Yep. No, we had lunch at home. A Japanese. Mm hmm. Mm hmm. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.