 Sure, I got up early yesterday, 5.30, so I start work at 6.30. Had a shower, got dressed, I wore my uniform yesterday to work, so that was nice and easy, not much thought involved. I drove to work, started work, when I got to work I had my breakfast, which was a slice of cheese and tomato on toast. I did my general work stuff, which was allocating courses and whatnot. For lunch I had chicken and salad, and then after lunch continued working, finished work at 4.30. Went straight home via the chemist, I just had to get some shampoo. Went home, got changed into my gym clothes, because it was Monday and I was starting my new exercise regime. And went down to the park, did a few sprints slash jog laps, went for a walk, came home. I didn't have to cook dinner because we had leftovers from Sunday night, so we had rice, salad and chicken sausages for dinner. Watched television, had a shower and then went to bed. I actually had a shower before I had dinner, not sure if that matters, but shower, dinner, TV, bed. We watched this show at 7.30 on Channel 10 about the Tour of Duty, the SAS, and then watched a DVD TV series that we've been watching, True Blood. Yes. No, we've got the DVD packs, yep, so up to season three. Yep. No, no Foxtel. About quarter past ten last night. So my partner actually works at another squad here and he's got a work car, so I came with him yesterday and parked down in the basement on level B1, which is a nice bonus. Lunch was at 12.30 yesterday, half an hour. Yesterday? No, no, we've got a lunch club at work, so we take turns in bringing lunch each week. There's five of us and we call it the lunch club, so for a week I'll bring in lunch for all five of us and then the next week someone else does it, so you only have to bring lunch one week out of five. Yeah, it's good. Well, yesterday we had chicken and salad, last week we had frittatas, we've had loaded baked potatoes, homemade pizzas, all sorts of stuff. You said we don't. Yeah. So for one week? So for one week, yeah, so generally some of the girls only work three days because they're part time, some work four, but generally for four days a week. So if it was my week, for example, I'd bring chicken and salad today and then we might have leftovers tomorrow, then a frittata Thursday and, I don't know, something else on Friday, and then that's it for the next four weeks. Then it's someone else's turn to bring lunch. We're pretty good. None of us are allergic to or fussy with anything, but if that happened, I imagine you'd just go and buy something. Well, I've only been where I am at the moment for a month, so a month, but they've been doing it for a while. It's good. It's handy. Yeah. So, but for that week, I'm supposing in the washroom? Yeah, that's right. It depends. Like I made a big frittata which lasted two days and that's just eggs and vegetables, so it's not too bad. And a salad as well? Yeah, and just salad. So we just get lettuce and tomato, cucumber, standard salad. It's good. And then we have Turkish bread with chicken and avocado and cheese toasted. Was that a barbecue? Yeah, just barbecue chicken. So you can have lazy days. You just go to the shop. It's good. Yeah. So- No, I started work at 6.30. I got up at 5.30. And 4.30? Mm-hmm. 10-hour shifts. So you work four days a week? Four days a week. Yeah. How do you find them? I love them. I've been doing them now for six years, so I'm used to them, and you get to have that extra day off a week, which is nice for housework, shopping, and all that kind of stuff. And do you have the one day off, same day? There used to be, it used to mix up a bit, but generally now they like to have set days, so I have Thursdays off, unless I've got something on. Like this week I've got a Christmas function on Friday, so I'll have Friday off this week. Okay, how do you find work on a week? Love it. No, no. That's what I like about it, I think, because you're only back for one day. It's Friday, most people have it off, and then it's the weekend. Oh, wow. Yeah. You drove in your partner. Yep. Does he start- His shifts change. Sometimes he'll start when I do, so I can get a lift with him, but there's other days where he might have to start in the city or- Yeah. And then when you get to work, you had bacon and egg? Cheese and tomato. Very rarely. I like eggs, but I don't really eat bacon all that much. So I'll sometimes have poached egg on toast. Do you like Friday? Yes. Haven't had it since I was a kid. Sweet, I think. I honestly can't remember. What about mum? Can't remember that either. I remember mum having it when I was little, but I don't, can't remember what it tastes like. Okay, and then had Thai beef? No, I had chicken and salad. And you had lunch? 12.30. What happens in- I guess, well, it's stuff that can sit in the fridge, so you'll just go out and help yourself a bit later. So people know that- Yeah, yeah. So we know who all of us are. And if we're busy, then we just go and get the food later, I guess. As long as I didn't eat it all. Yeah. Okay, and you finished work at about 3.30? 4.30. Yeah, that's right. And you went home via Coles? No, I went to the chemist to get shampoo. Okay, you didn't go to Coles with you? No. Yes, I do. What was it? Not as often. Coles was closer to home. Okay, what about- Occasionally, because that's on the way home. Out? No, I used to, but not anymore. And you ended up getting shampoo? Yeah, I did. And when you got home? No, about 5.30. I got a lift. Same lift? Yeah, with Jason. And then- No, I went to the park. Park, and just- Just did some running, like jogs and sprints and some pushups and things. No. No, we didn't take the dog. And for dinner, you had leftover- Chicken sausages? Chicken snacks, yep. And rice salad. Okay, and you then watched a tour of- Channel 10? Yep, it was Channel 10. I'm pretty sure it was Channel- Channel 10. Channel 10. Channel 10. Because it was on straight after the project at 7.30. 6.30 to 7.30. Is that on for an hour now? It is, yes. It used to be- Well, it's only recent, I think. It used to be 7.00 till 7.30. I don't watch it all the time, but I know that it's now an hour. It's lasted. It's lasted? Yes. It doesn't go into an hour. Yeah, it does an hour. Okay, and then you went to bed about- Quarter past 10, I think. Quarter past 10. Yeah, quarter past 10. Now, you said that you started at 6.30, right? Mm-hmm. If you were at 7.30? I would say that's not true, yes, because there was two people here when I got here at 6.30, that they started at 6. So, they could tell you that I got here at 6.30. And- Yes. Yes, I did. No, because we were in the basement, I actually swiped Jason and I into the area in front of the lifts, and then I swiped us both up to level five and level nine, so we could verify that way as well. In the goods lift? Oh, you were in the goods lift? Yeah, with the goods lift from the car park, you need access. And I know with Tower A, before 7.00, you need to use the swipe card, but I've learned since moving to Tower B that if you get here before 7.00, you don't need your swipe card, so that must activate sooner than Tower B, if that makes sense. I don't know. Yeah, I know. I don't know. No idea. So, do you ever lend your passport? No. Oh, I have on the odd occasion, if someone's forgotten theirs and they need to duck out to the toilet, but I didn't yesterday. But not if they've got- No. No. So, we've actually, the data on the swipe card machine, and it actually says- That's not true. No. All righty. And then, you had lunch at 12.30? I had lunch at 12.58. Yes. I have an outro. At what hour are you aún? No comment.