 When I woke up I, what did I do? Oh I got up and my husband said we need to have an early start because we're going to get Santa photos for our son and so yes I had a shower, I had some breakfast, got my son ready, best Santa outfit and yeah it was raining really heavily so off we went to our local shopping centre and Santa was there of course, no queue which was nice so we got our Santa photos, all went well as last year we missed out because he's little and you know crying and carrying on. Then what did we do? I got some morning tea while we were shopping, got some groceries as well and then what did we do? We left shopping and then I had some other things to get while I was in that area so I went elsewhere, got a few more things. Oh and then my husband yeah because he'd had dropped me off to do this other bit of shopping that I did so he dropped me off and then he came back and then he announces that he's found the perfect Christmas tree so off we went to get our Christmas tree and then yeah so we kind of went home after that and I had a bit of a home day. Caught up on some washing, unpacked the car and the shopping. What else did I do? All the usuals, checked the email, a bit of cleaning, had lunch when I got home from shopping yeah, had what did we have? Toasted sandwiches, toasted sandwiches for lunch yesterday and yeah my husband worked yesterday afternoon so my son had a nap and yeah caught up on a few housework jobs. Had dinner at six o'clock, I had a bit of leftovers last night actually, salad and barbecue and yeah some fruit. I'm trying to think, yes I did, I watched a home renovation show on Fox, yes yeah Grand Designs, Grand Designs I watched and yeah I had a pretty early night because I was working today. Uh 9 30? No, yes. Uh toast, I did, no I don't know it's just it's very different tasting, yeah not for me. No I don't think I've ever tried it actually. Um so you didn't have a... No I had one piece of toast and a cup of tea. I got up yesterday at eight. Uh 9 30 10 15 20? There was yes, uh we found one quite quickly but there was a lot of cars there even at that time. Drove straight in. Is your voice? Yes yeah. You went and got the photos? Yep. What did we have for morning tea? Coffee and banana bread, toasted banana bread. Yeah just in the shopping center. No he didn't, he had his um water and he had like a little, he had like blueberries and fruit thing. I never think of it, I see all these other babies having, yeah I never, yeah. Um so you do... Woolworths? No not really, occasionally. And um how... Oh 10 minutes, five 10 minutes from where we were originally. Yeah yeah yeah. No my husband stuffed it in the car and I had to sit in the passenger seat in the back. Um the tree is as tall as our roof, so we don't have extra high ceilings but the tree's roof height, it didn't look that big in the shop. So you didn't in the house ceiling? Yes. There's no room for a star, put it that way, unless the top of the tree comes. Yeah. Oh well it was lunchtime so maybe you wanted to mining? Yeah. And some washing yeah? On our little um, the clothesline you have when you're not hanging out on your clothesline, this is so wet. So we have like a pergola area and then I just put a little bit out just so you can at least get something dry. No. Yeah ham, avocado and cheese? Yeah. Six leftovers, yep. No. And yes grand designs, grand design. Um I think is that the one with the English guy? Yes yes yeah yeah. 10 no 9 30 9 30 between 9 30 and 10 I think it was. So when you sent that? Yes. Um would a quarter past? Yeah yeah probably. Well we left I think what 9 30 or something like that so yeah no probably a bit before 10 we would have been there. Two both no yeah. Um when you were? Yes no he didn't. He didn't say? No no. When you got out? No in the car either side of us, I don't remember. No. Car? I'd say it didn't happen. No. So when in your woolly? Yes. One inch lunchtime. Um. Yeah sure. No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment. No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment. No comment no comment No comment.