 Okay, my alarm clock went off at 4.40. I was working yesterday, so I got out of bed, had a shower, got dressed for work, packed some lunch and left the house, got in the car, drove to work. I left the house at 5.15 and the trip to work takes half an hour. So I got to the station and put my work shirt on, had some breakfast, attended the briefing, and at 8 o'clock we had five new probationary constables starting. So I was involved with their induction for most of the day. We gave them an information pack, they filled in some paperwork. I had morning tea about 10 o'clock. We did some more of the information pack and then we had lunch about 12, finished lunch about 12.30 and in the afternoon they had a tour of the station and took us up to about 3.30. They all took their guns off and they went home at 4 o'clock and I went home at 4 as well. I drove home, I stopped at a shop on the way home which got me home about 5.30. Took off my work clothes and had dinner at 6 and it probably took me up to about 7 o'clock. Bathed my son at 7. Went to bed at 7.30. I wrapped some Christmas presents and that probably took me up to about 8.30. Had a shower and I went to bed about 9.30. No, no. I had two pieces of toast and a cup of tea. Yep, no, no. Had a toasted ham and cheese sandwich. Yes, yes. Sometimes. Oh, probably 50-50. Yeah. They're with them really for probably about six weeks at the most. They work with buddies for longer than that but it's not really an actual buddy process. It's just more of someone to work with and watch over them. Yeah, they have a duty book and then the FTO or the buddy signs them off if they think they're right but these days, I mean, it's really after more like three or four weeks because there's that pressure to get them two up instead of three up. A couple not so young but the other three probably very early 20s. First job, one is 20. Yes, yes. I drove home. No, I drove. No, just went to a little gift store. No, I think I got home. 5.30. Yeah. No, no. Chicken kebabs. Salad. Yeah, he does. Yeah, he likes it. I take his off the stick since he's stabbed himself or me. Yes, yes. Everyone's coming to my house. 12. 12 adults. So, not too bad. Wow. That's normally what we would have too but this year, we put our hand up to have it at our house. First house. First Christmas. So, we put our hand up to have it at our house which I now regret. 7.30. 7.30, I had a shower I think. Yeah, shower. No, I had a shower. Can't remember now. If I said 7.30 or 8.30, I think I wanted it at 8.30 actually. 9.30. Yeah. Ah yes, FPOS. No, I parked on the street. Yeah.