 I can't even... yesterday. Well, woke up and then went downstairs and got breakfast. I opened the blinds, went down and got breakfast, boiled the kettle, made a cup of tea, had some cereal. Because it was cold, went back up and sat in bed and ate my brekkie. Then took it down, washed the plates and then went up and had a shower. Decided what I was going to wear for the day, chucked it on and got my bags and left for the day. Drove into up the road and just walked in down the road. Walked in from another suburb into work. Do you want me to keep going what I did during the day? Say hello to everybody. Discovered that we had a morning tea for somebody who was leaving, like retiring, which was really sad because he's a really lovely fellow. So then when I knew that was happening I just put my computer on, planned what I was going to do for the day around that and then started doing my computering, the analysis that I work on. Then when the time came we all went to a different floor and there was some formal speeches and there was a whole heap of people and the person's wife there had some lovely speeches said. And then a bit of a morning tea and just chatting with everybody and then said goodbye to him. Well not goodbye because he's on our floor, to see him back down on our floor and then came back down after having eaten probably too much and then went back to my desk and continued to work till lunchtime. And then I can't remember what I did for lunch yesterday, don't you think? I think that's right. I worked through lunch because I was full already and had a lot of work to do. So I just worked through when it was picking at some of the leftovers from the morning tea for lunch and worked through because I had to leave. I had a few things I had to do so I worked through lunch and made sure I got out of here in time. How about the rest of the day? Keep going? So when I got home I still felt a bit full from the day so I'd sort of only had a few little things to eat and there's grazing and a few, not a proper big meal. Watch the news, I always like to see what's going on in the day. I remember one of the things on the news was something about a most wanted person that they've been looking at for a few years. Very good bushman, so I had a look at that story. And I had all these plans to do all these extra things like vacuum the floor and a few other chores and I did none of it. So I just had the night off. I actually got tired so I thought I'll go and have a nice warm bath and then go to bed. I put on a meditation CD and that was it because I don't remember the end of it until next day. It was about 10 past 10 I think. ABC, Channel 1, yeah 7 p.m. Oh, I think it might have been about 6 o'clock. Started at 20 past 9 that day. I did a combination of driving and walking. So I drove and then walked in because there's no free parking in Parramatta so I just walked in from Harris Park across the road. No, I kind of grazed on that extra food they had. Probably yesterday, probably 6, 20 to 7. How many? One. Yes. No, no, not really, no. No one else? No. So leave? Probably I left late that day. I was running late, couldn't find my car. It was probably about 8, I remember the news turned up at 8.30 so I was running late, yeah, 8.30. Yep. It depends on the traffic. If the traffic was bad it would have been... Usually it's about half an hour by the time I get there. And then, yep, and then about 20, 15 minute walk or something like that. Ah, no, let me think. Yesterday morning, yes I did, because there was no one at the coffee cart. I don't normally do that, but yesterday morning I did. Coffee cart, which is the, oh well just the coffee shop next, right on the corner. I shouldn't call it cart because that's the internal one downstairs. Yeah, the one on the corner. Yes, Sabrina. It was heaps, yeah, it was nearly not, yeah, hard to find a park. Yep, that's right. That's right. So, did you... Yes I did, parallel to a car and then come in like that, back in, reverse. So, yesterday... No, no, that didn't happen. Or car was parked in the parking lot. No, I would have remembered it if I did it. You didn't hear a lot of... You'd feel it, you'd feel it anyway, no. When you got, when you walked back... No. On my car or the other car? On your car. No. Is there any... Ah, it's, what is it, um, six years old. Ah, no, not really, no. Oh, no, there's no other accident damage. No. Is there... Yeah. Ah, there might be just some paint, some paint here and there. So, when you'd walk back... No, there was no, no damage at all. So, you came in... Yep, that day I did, yes. Oh, well I know that would be wrong because our flex time starts at, ah, core hours are 9.30 between 7, 7am and 7pm and we must be here by 9.30, so. What's the... Ah, you can leave at 3 o'clock if you want. Yeah. Yeah, flex time. So, I can finish between 3 and 7pm any day. So, no, that's not, that's not right, but you can always, um, give me an opportunity to discuss it with them if, if need be. Do you have a... I do. No, I don't. Ah, once I had to get the temporary, um, card from the desk downstairs. Boris... No, you can't do that. You're not allowed to do that. Um, so yesterday you... Yes, I did. I sure did, yes....guard... Ah, well I don't know how that would be because I've had it on my person for the whole time, so. And I was actually at my desk at 10.30, so. I was actually up at the morning tea because that's when that was happening, so. And I was chatting to people, so I could actually ask a lot of those other people that were there that I was actually there at that time. Ah, okay. So, you finished... Yes. Ah, no, 6pm. Yeah, yesterday was 6. No, that was, normally it's between 5.30 and 6. Say, 20 past 5 or 6 to 6. I walked to the car and then walked and then drove home. Ah, I sort of had a few little pickings of things. I didn't feel like much. Ah, just some leftovers out of the fridge. And you watch... No, Channel 2. I do. I watch all the news, yeah. But, because there was no news at 7pm. There's no news on Channel 9. It's the only news that you can choose as the ABC at 7pm. Ah, I don't have it on my TV because I've got the old telly. No. Well, I've got digital, but my TV doesn't seem to pick it up. The 24 channel doesn't seem to... I don't know why. It's got this... It's got like a... I've got a DVD recorder with a digital tuner in it, but it doesn't pick up the channel. I don't know why. I've scanned it a number of times and it doesn't. It doesn't pick up 24. I don't... But you get Go. I get Go and I get... There's still one other station that other people get that I don't get. Yeah. Yeah. And then you had... I had a bath. Oh, you really did? No, it was meditation. Alrighty. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Oh, no comment.