 What I usually do, I get up first thing in the morning, have a shower, get out of the shower, make my bed, get a cup of coffee, get myself dressed and ready for work. Arrived at work, just made a few changes within the section due to some people being off on leave. Currently looking after three sections, so just ensuring that they're just doing okay. One section was doing overtime on the weekends, so just ensured that they were okay, everything got done as per what they advised that they were going to do. Just throughout the day, just busy, just doing the everyday role of a team leader, so yeah. What did you have for lunch? I don't eat lunch. No lunch? I don't eat lunch. And what time did you finish work? 4.30. And what did you do after? Went home, cooked tea, read a magazine, spoke to my sister, I read a document for work, because I was due today. Then I went to bed about 9.30, I usually read for half an hour, and then I switched off the light and... Are you reading a novel? I knew you were going to ask that. Off the top of my head, can't think. It's a good book. Is it a crime? It is actually, it's about baby smugglers. Yeah, so they sort of impregnate people and then they sell their babies and it's actually getting quite good, because I've just gotten to the part where it was something I least expected that would happen, so it's actually quite good. Do you remember the author? I can't even think of who that is, but I know my mum's reading the same book. Alright, so what did you have for dinner? I had an omelette and salad. Did you order that? No, I cooked it myself. About 5-ish, 5 past 5? I drive, I drive to work. Okay, do you have a bus? No. What time did you actually get up? 5.30. Did you have breakfast before? No. I usually do, but I don't have a bus. Do you eat vegetables? No, I love Vegemite, I just don't eat bread. I try to avoid carbs as much as I can. Do you like promite? No, I haven't. No, no. Is it nice? But I don't have any of that in my house, because I would eat it, that's the problem. So I never buy bread. I love bread. Should I do this the other way? Yeah, I know, I like to just, yeah, I limit myself to it. Usually I have breakfast, yeah I know, but I can't stop at one slice, that's the problem. I try not to eat at night. See, my problem is rice. I love rice, I love pasta. So I try to cut that out, that's why. You shouldn't have it too late at night. Yeah, I usually do exercises at night, so I work on my treadmill for a good half an hour or so. Okay, you didn't get up? I didn't. You did not? I did not, no. I got talking to my sister. So what time did you get to work? Um, 8 o'clock. Do you usually start at 8? Oh, anywhere between 7.30 and 8. Some colleagues of yours told me that you didn't start until 8. Well, I have to decide. I don't know. I don't know. Some colleagues of yours told me that you didn't start until 8. Well, I have to disagree with them, wouldn't I? Because I know what time I got in. Is there any way you can verify that? Sap records? But I mean, that's just from what I put in, but the turnstiles would tell them what time I actually scanned my pass in, so yeah. I don't know why they would say something like that. Do you ever start at 9? Very rarely start at 9. And if I do, I tell a manager or someone that I'll be in late so they don't think, because I'm usually the early starter. So if I'm going to come in late, it would be out of the ordinary, so I would let someone know that I'm coming in late. And you didn't stop for lunch? I went out for lunch, yes. Oh, but you don't eat lunch? I don't eat. I have lunch every day. I just don't eat lunch. And you have your lunch break? Yeah. I might have, if I get hungry, I might have a piece of food or a Weight Watchers bar or something like that, but I will never sit down and have a meal or a sandwich. But if I do, because I have lately, I won't have tea. It's one or the other. Oh, okay. So if you do have breakfast, what do you usually have? Wheat bix. Oh, okay, well I recommend that. They do, I know, I know. Okay, so you got home, finished work at about 4.30 and you caught the bus? No, I caught the bus home. Oh, no, sorry, I drove home. Oh, you drove home? I drove to work daily. Oh, and you got home at about 6? No, 5. 5, is that the usual? Between 5 and 5.30, yep, depends on what time I finish here. Okay, and for dinner, you had fried eggs and salad? I had an omelette and salad, yes. Poached egg? Yep. And then you watched the news? I did, actually, yeah. ABC? No, Channel 9. Channel 9? Oh, okay. And you watched the news? I did, actually, yeah. ABC? No, Channel 9. Channel 9? Yep. And you watched the clock? No, 7 o'clock, no. And you went to bed at about? 9.30 I went to bed. Oh, 9.30. So when you were driving home at noon, how long does it take? About half an hour. So when you were driving home, do you miss it at all? Not that I can recall, no. Is your car registered? Yes. Do you have any other? No. Does anyone else? Nope. So you were driving your car yesterday afternoon to home? Yep. Between 4.30 and 5? Yes. Okay, we've received information that car regs in your name involve cycling. That's not true. I would have known if a car hit me or a bike hit me or if I hit a bike. Oh, you didn't hit a bike? No, I wouldn't. No, no, no. And I would have stopped. You didn't stop traffic lights? Only traffic lights, no. But I mean, there's no damage to my car, so. There's no damage to your car? No damage to my car, yep. Okay, so when you got home, you took the phone for a while? Yeah, after she got home from work, so it was after I finished, so yeah, it was about between 6 and 6.30. And then you read a magazine. Did you watch any other last night? Yeah, I watched just a couple of programs on YouTube. And you read a magazine? Yeah, I read a magazine. And you read a magazine? Yeah, I watched just a couple of programs on YouTube. And when you went to bed, you were reading Crime Thriller? Sort of, yeah. What is your favorite? No comment. What is your date of birth? No comment. What is your date of birth? No comment. What is your date of birth? No comment. What's your nickname? Dr. Woods. Who really created