 Yesterday got up about 8 o'clock. They probably at 730 went up the shops Got some bread and meal came home got the kids to school Stayed at home most of the morning then went to work at what the train at 10 past 12 and got to work To start up one 10 past 12. I got into work yesterday at 1 and then made a few phone calls went to a job About 230 and got back about 430 and then did some paperwork looked at some photos had dinner had some soup and Sort of just did sort of office duty do I finished at 11 and dinner about 730 the telly was on in the background Yeah, it was something about the Queen Mary some documentary on the Queen Mary. Yep. Yep. I got the train home Oh, it wasn't empty. It was a fair few Um, I got a train about 10 past 11 got to my station about 10 to 12 Yeah, it wasn't packed. It wasn't. Yep about 10 minutes 10 15 minutes. No not walking. Yeah That middle not really sure upstairs. Yes. No, no. Yep. Yeah, I think so. No, no couldn't hear any No, no, not to say there wasn't but couldn't hear me. No, no, no, no. Yeah, I worked Saturday. I didn't work Sunday Yeah, yep. We had our Christmas party Saturday night So everyone had Sunday off pretty much probably would have worked but it had to sort of swap it around Yeah, I just did a restaurant in in the city in King Street Wolf. I think yeah, I'll darling I'm listening. There's about 20. Yeah. No. Yeah, it was a good time. Yeah. I yesterday I got up about eight I'm doing two I did one late starting today seems to be yeah, someone starts at eight overlap. Yep Depends where it is probably be better if we did it, but it depends it wouldn't like the length of job I suppose eight so it's best to save them for the later. No, no, no drive. Um, no, it's just to a Blood bakery. Yeah, it's in a plaza. Yeah. Yep, honey. No. Yeah, sometimes No, I may have had that once. Yeah, Aldi's got a Vegemite to come what it's called names fair like the similar products But they just slightly change the name. Yeah, I don't know. I'll do that. Yeah. Yeah. Oh the bread shop Yep, did a bit of cleaning bit of washing. No, no, no 1210. I walked from the train station to work Mm-hmm. Who said that? Oh, no, I was there at one. Actually. I was there before one probably tend to a swipe pass Um, ask my colleague. Yeah, he was that yeah Records when you come in so then now that works I was pretty sure I was there at ten to one Yeah, no tend to one got the ten past twelve train and then walked up. So yeah, there's just one other girl I went out about 2 30 came back for 30. Yep Ah, well, I was a coordinator say there was just no other staff to do the job So I just went and did it by myself. Yep Yeah, there's one person at Bastille until someone come on at 8 o'clock and then there was a couple more No, not usually unless it's major job. She was already at a job. I sent her to a job Then another job came in and there was no one so I just went into it. It was a deceased Yeah about 430 had cancer. I have no just bought it from the supermarket that I bought it No, I bought it just across the road from work. Yeah. No, I bought it like this last night pumpkin Yeah, no had a bread roll. Yeah, I didn't really watch it was in the on in the background I was eating Queen Mary or whatever Queen Elizabeth or Queen Mary the boat the big boat No, I know there is a boat the Queen Elizabeth, but I think this one was a Queen Mary and it was the biggest one Whatever that is. Oh, I didn't watch it really was in on in the background I was there for a half a year or so and then went back to work finish work at 11 Yeah, got the train home. That's right. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah coupled it. No, darling I bar don't know for a Christmas party. I've been there a few times. No, no comment. No comment. No comment No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment