 Got up, cup of coffee, watched a bit of TV, went for a drive to my brother's place, had a family breakfast, barbeque breakfast, swam in the pool, drank more cups of tea, sat around with the family, watched a couple of movies, did some housework, gardening, that type of thing. That was at the brother's place, back over to my place, again just a few basic chores, then back to my brother's place for tea, swim and watched another movie before going back home and going to bed. Elevenish, after tea, pretty much, pretty close to eleven, yeah, home, scrub up, in the bed, guessing about four thirtyish, I don't know, it wasn't very good, it was a crap movie, no, I can't think of it, if I say it was a chick flick, wife, brother, kids, or my son, my wife, my brother, my son, no, about seven thirty, after the cup of coffee it was hash browns, no, sorry, bubble and squeak, bubble and squeak, bacon, eggs, mushrooms, tomato and a bit of tin spaghetti with toast. No, that was at the brother's place, went over there for a barbeque breakfast. I can't tell you what it was on, nothing interesting, yeah, I couldn't tell you. Yep, in ground. No, it was a four wheel drive movie, or four wheel drive video, it was another, some sort of diving show, weeded some of the garden, pruned a couple of trees and removed the vine and swept up after the mess. That probably would have been, I don't know, close enough to about threeish, I was only home for about an hour or so. Yeah, good question. Took my son down to the pool at St Mary's, that was in the afternoon, in the morning went down to Sporting Shooters down the range, it was that, and also went to do the groceries, St Mary's, yep. I'd estimate about an hour and a half or so. Yep, no, yep. Yesterday? Yep, no, about seven thirty I think I said. Yep, yep. It was actually coffee, but I might have had a cup of tea later on, but started off with a coffee. No. Yesterday morning I was watching a bit of TV. No, it was the brother's place, that's wrong. The barbeque breakfast that everyone else had. I cooked part of it and my brother cooked part of it. Yep. He has got a spar there, that was, I don't think we actually used the spar though. I don't think so, not from memory. I thought it rained later in the afternoon, I think so. Or a four wheel drive video? Yes. No, scuba diving. Yeah, I thought it was mainly out the front, but there was some out the front, some out the back. Yep, pruned a couple of trees, or small trees. Yeah. Got back to my brothers about four. No, that was about three and we were back over to my brothers by about fourish. Yep. Couldn't tell you what it was. Yep. Or Woolworths? Yep. It was in the afternoon sometime, couldn't tell you what time. Rough time, two thirtyish. Yep, about that. Yep. Drove. Yep. Two. Yep. My four wheel drive. Saturday you talking? Yep. No, not really. Yep. Well, which car and... No, I didn't. Didn't hit any car. No. No, didn't collide with anything. My car or whose car? Yeah, there's nothing wrong with the front of my car. No. At a railway station? Yeah, there's none. No. Ten years? No. Only from where it's gone through scratches, driving through scrub? No. No. Hit kangaroos? Probably is. None, it's got a ball bar. Yep. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.