 Woke up at 5.30am to the alarm going off, turned off the alarm, actually nodded off for another 10 minutes. Woke up again at 5.40am in a bit of a shock. Into the shower, got dressed, had breakfast. Breakfast again consisted of a cup of tea and porridge. Finished getting ready for work, drove from home to the railway station, caught the train from Penrith to Parramatta, walked from Parramatta station to work. Worked in the office until about midday, went to a send-off lunch at midday, finished the send-off lunch, back to the office, continued work. Left work about 5.10am, walked from here to the railway station, caught the train to Penrith, drove home from Penrith railway station, then worked on the computers and found that the hard drive had crashed. Managed to replace the server that I've got with another machine, made sure that was working and had a shower, went to bed. Oh sorry, had tea before, in between fixing the computer and working on the computer again. Had a slab of pork with a few veggies. It would have been about between 10.30am and 11am. Question? Say about 6.15am, 7am, it's about midday, say about 1am. No, no, no, yep, no, they can do it themselves. No, several, one, no, it's a whole new computer. I had a spare server available, the whole computer. The hard drive is the little box about that big that's inside the computer, none in here. The whole PC itself is the computer, if it's doing the job of a server. It is my, it's my, does the function of a router. No, they can't talk to the internet. Yep, yep, yep, that's right. Got up, or woke up at 5.30am, about 5.40am, after I fell asleep again. Yep, yep, no, no, don't happen. Porridge, no. Proper one. Oh, the wife does. They're fair, they're fair. Not as good as proper porridge. One cup of oat, one cup of milk, one cup of water. No. Caught the train? Yep, no, not really. No, I get the, train's more convenient to pay for parking when I get to Parramatta. No, no, 7 o'clock, yep, occasionally. No, I'll read case law on the train, but I won't read briefs on the train. That one. Lebanese food. There's three different sorts of meats on a skewer. There's some, I can't remember what it is, the pasted, egg, roasted eggplant, baba ghanoush or something like that. There was some tabbouleh, some hummus, and some of those Lebanese breads or whatever they are, and a cappuccino. A bit one. About 10 past five? No, no, get your bus. Generally about 10 minutes. Yep, no. Slave of pork. No, if you buy it from Woolworths, it's a cryovacced, spiced and herbed, butterflied piece of pork meat. I call it a slave of pork, because that's what it is. It's not a chop, it's not a steak, it's a butterflies piece of meat. So it's just a nice big square of pork, so I'm told. I wasn't that light, but a bit early.