 I got up, went to the bathroom, went out, took my tablets, then packed my lunch, then ironed my clothes for work, and then came back into the bedroom and had a shower, washed my hair, then got dressed, grabbed my stuff, spoke to my daughter, and then kissed her goodbye and left. Drove to Parramatta. I got to work about twenty past seven. I picked my sister up in the morning and we both came to work in my car, arrived about twenty past seven, made a cup of tea, turned on the computer, checked the emails, and did some work. Went and spoke to the boss, and then I had a trip out to Hurstville, pick up some papers at Hurstville. I had, oh gosh, he came with me. I've had so many trips to Hurstville. Karen came with me. We had to pick up some boxes from the promotions process. And then we came back, unloaded the boxes, and did some work in the afternoon, and I had lunch at twelve thirty for about half an hour. Did some more work after that, and went home at four. Actually I lied. I went to the shops before I went home. I went and got some groceries. I decided that I was going to have chicken and mushroom volavonts for tea. So I went to the shops and grabbed all the ingredients and got home and started preparing the volavonts. Made those, and then by that time my daughter walked in from work and tea was ready, so we sat down and had tea. And then after that we cleaned up and sat down and watched some TV. I went to bed at nine thirty. We watched The One, and then we watched, oh we watched a bit of the news, then we watched, in between that time I was cleaning up, and then we watched The One, and then we watched some other show. I can't remember. Oh yeah, the final Spicks and Specks. It wasn't too bad. I thought it would be a bit better, but it was a bit boring, I thought. Yeah, with all the hype and everything, I thought it would be a bit bigger and better. And my sister went to that show, she watched the final taping of it. I was hoping to pick her out in the audience, but I couldn't do that. They didn't mention it? No, they don't. They don't do a lot of audience participation. How long ago was it? That was only two weeks ago. Her son brought her the tickets for her birthday. So they all went. Did she like the life form? Actually she didn't say that much about it. She said it was good, but she's not the great lover of it. Her husband enjoys it more than her, but her son Liam thought it would be a good show to go and watch. So they did. So you said that you got up yesterday. What time did you get up? I got up at ten to six. I got up early actually yesterday because of the rain. I thought I'd better get on the road early and try and fight the traffic. And where do you pay parking? Off street parking. So it's free? Yeah. And you have to walk? Yes. How long does it take? About ten minutes. Ten, fifteen. And did you get wet yesterday? Yes it was. That's right. Because I had open toe shoes on I ended up getting wet feet. So when you park your car, is there a lot of cars already on the street? Yeah there's a few. There's a few, but I mean if you time it right you've got the residents leaving and then you can sort of usually snatch a spot then. And you said that you live far from her? She lives about fifteen minutes away. She lives in Wood Park. So I pick her up every morning. So it's on the way to work. And she's not been well so I thought it's best for me to go get her. I drive her every day. Okay and you both work here? Yeah we do. She works in Creme Records on the third floor. When you arrived, did you both enter the building? Yes. You said that you arrived at 7.20? Yes that's right. Do you usually arrive at 7.20? It will take five minutes. It's usually around that time. I'm a creature of habit. Are you on? Yes I am. So usually? 7.30, 7.20, 7.30. Your colleague, one of your colleagues told me that yesterday you actually... No that's not correct. It's not correct. Yeah it's actually on my flexi sheet and I've got some officers, police officers in the office that I say good morning to. So they can verify what time I came in. Okay do you have a... Yes I do. Yes I did. Do you have a loan security pass or anything? No I don't think anyone wants to look like me. Oh okay. You know when I'm in these. No I wouldn't do it downstairs, no way. So there's no chance that somebody borrowed your card? No. Absolutely not. The only way I get away with that is my sister because she's a twin. Are you identical? Yes. Well we used to be, not so much now. Since we've gotten older we're sort of starting to look a bit different. Okay so maybe it was... It could have been at 8.30. No, she came in with me. No. Okay so you both... Unless she went out to get coffee and then they've made an assumption. Okay so you started at 7.20 and you worked during the morning and you went out at 4.00. That's correct. Yes. Okay and you've come back and you've unloaded boxes that you had. Yes. And then you had lunch at about 1.30. About 12.30. Do you always have lunch at 1.30? Yes. Creature of habit. Never had lunch at 1.30? I wouldn't say never but it's very rare. And you finished work at about 2.00pm? No I finished work at 4.00. Okay and on the way home to buy some groceries at Malworth? That's correct. No I went to Woolworths. Okay do you ever shop at Woolworths? Yeah I do sometimes, yeah. Okay but you prefer Woolworths? No I don't like Woolworths normally. I usually go to... It's either going to be Coles or Franklin's. Franklin's I get points for shopping there. So I accumulate that at Christmas. Okay. And you've got a Christmas present? Yes. Okay. So I go to Coles or Franklin's, Franklin's I get points for shopping there so I accumulate that at Christmas and buy all my Christmas goodies. But yesterday because I was tired I decided to go to Woolworths because everything, I knew I could get everything in the one place. So I thought I'd just go to Woolworths. But I'm usually anti-Woolworths. Why is that? Because the price war that they're starting to have with Coles and Woolworths I don't think I'd rather go to Franklin's or if I have to go to Audi I'll go to Audi because of that. And so you just went home and met with your daughter? Went home and prepared the tea and then she came in about twenty past six. Okay. Did you drive your car? Yes I did. And you had tea at about six thirty? Yeah about six thirty. Okay and before when you cleaned up, tidied up and things you was television? Yeah. And you watched The One on Channel 7? Yeah The One. It's the psychic show. I don't usually watch it, my daughter likes watching it so it's a group of psychics to see who's the best psychic and they call it The One. Is that on Channel 7? Yeah, yes it is. And then you watched The Specs? Specs, yeah they're on Channel 2. Okay and you went to bed at? No nine thirty. Do you usually go to bed around? Yes I do, otherwise I can't get up for work the next day. Fair enough. And what did you have for breakfast? Yesterday morning I had All Brand with banana and skim milk. I've got some other questions, no comment, every question. Okay. What is your favourite colour? No comment. What's your date of birth? No comment. What is your address? No comment. What is your name? No comment. Is today Saturday? No comment. Do you know Fred Apples? No comment. Where were you last Wednesday? No comment. Do you have a driver? No comment. Do you live in Sydney? No comment. Cardey? No comment. Are you meeting with Mary Foley? No comment. Do you own a dog? No comment. Do you own a motorcycle? No comment. When did you meet Anthony Smith? No comment. How many keys? P-ring? No comment. No comment. What is your favourite? A deep greenery.