 Yep, yesterday was Tuesday, so I got up at about, as soon as my alarm, because I couldn't get up because I was tired, so I got up about, it must have been about 7.30, or maybe a bit before that, maybe about 7. And then I had a shower, got ready for work, and then I caught the train and I arrived to work at about 5 past 9. And then I did a bit of work, had a meeting at 11, crossed the road, so I went across the road for that. I went a little bit early so I could get a coffee en route. Went to the new chocolate shop, because I knew they sold coffee there and it's closer to the building across the road, 20 Charles Street, than another place. But the coffee was $4 for a small one, so I decided that I wouldn't get one from there and I went further up. And by the time I arrived at the meeting, no one was there anyway, so I was okay, because I was worried I'd be late. The meeting was fun, there was about 10 or so people there, discussed some extra stuff with the lab people afterwards. Then I came back, had some lunch, and then worked on until about 6, because I was going straight into the city for dinner with some friends. I met my boyfriend at St James Station and we walked down Cathedral Street to the Fitzroy, the old Fitzroy pub, where a couple of my friends were already there. The ATM had run out of money, so then another friend and I had to drive down to the Wharf to go to an ATM, which was a little bit annoying. Coming back, I had a steak, which was very nice, because I was starving by then. I had a glass of wine. And then we left at about quarter to ten, and then walked down, back down, or we walked up to William Street and then down, because there's a lot of homeless people in Cathedral Street, so I didn't really want to walk down there at night. So we just went down William Street and then we passed, looked at the Cathedral, because they have lights and stuff on the Cathedral, just for Christmas. And then we walked down to Town Hall, looked at Town Hall Station, old Town Hall, where they had lights on that as well. And we caught the train home to my place. I had a chat to my housemates, my brother, about Christmas sort of related stuff, and then we went to bed at about ten thirty, possibly. I had leftover tar from the night before heated up in the microwave, and I sat with Mary for a short time, and I sat with, talked to Kylie, another new work colleague. No, I bought it from a restaurant. I finished work at six, and I caught the train at about quarter past. Well, I had to change at Central, so the train was a slow train, so it probably would have taken me about half an hour or thirty-five minutes on the train to get to Central. I changed platforms and I had a four or a five minute wait on another platform to catch the train to St James. So I arrived at six fifty at St James. Yeah. Yeah. Twenty-one. No, there was a couple, there was a guy that looked like he was either masturbating or scratching his crotch up against a pole. I remember that clearly because I was trying to get away from him. There was probably only about four people, including him on the platform. No, he was just leaning into the pole. No, no swearing. He was very quiet. No, we walked. We walked across Hyde Park and then down Cathedral Street. Yeah, Hyde Park. Yeah. Sorry, I'm so tired today. Yeah, Hyde Park. Yeah, there were quite a few. Did you take that main path? Yeah, we went around the fountain, yeah, from St James across the park, around the fountain and then down. We were trying to cross the road where there was no lights. It was too difficult so we had to walk down to the lights down in front of the cathedral. So when you were down near the, did you see a man there with the blue jumper? No. Did you see another, did you see two people arguing? No, no. Oh, you didn't hear any raised voice? No, no. So you met your boyfriend and then you went to the pump house? No, it was the Fitzroy, the old Fitzroy pub I think or old Fitzroy hotel. And you had a... No, it was just a steak. I didn't, oh it had some kind of like butter, garlic butter sauce, garlic butter on it. It didn't have any sauce or gravy or anything. And did you... I had to pay $3 extra for salad. Came with me. And you left there at... No, it was about 9.45. And how long did you walk there? Probably took us about 25 minutes or 20 minutes because we kind of meandered a fair bit. Were there a lot of... Yeah, there was quite a few, especially down at Town Hall. They're all looking at the lights on the Town Hall and taking photos. On Town Hall? Mm. And were they good? Yeah, they're good. It's like Vivid Fest. They put the lights onto the buildings. It looks quite nice. Yeah. And then you caught a bus? The train, because it's quicker. And you went back to your boyfriend's? To my house in East Redfern. No. Did you stay there the night before? No. And you said that you got up at 30. Did you have breakfast? I did. I had cereal. No, it was called Ancient Grains. It's basically everything but wheat because I have a wheat issue. It's like sorghum and stuff. It's belt. Do you have any contact information? No. Yep. No. No. You said that you got in to work at 5. Yep. A colleague of yours was told 10.30. What do you... They must be forgetting what time I actually came in. Is there any way you can... My swipe card downstairs or on the door. I don't know whether you can track it on the door, but downstairs you probably can in the main entrance. Okay. Do you have a roster? No. We have to put in our timesheet what time we arrived, but we don't get rostered. I suppose it's just up to the supervisor or when we leave. To have a look, try and take note of when people arrive. Okay. What time did you get back from them? Would have been about 20 to 1. No. I don't think so. Okay. So you didn't start. No. Use your telephone. No comment. What time... No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Did you last see Fred Apples? No comment. No comment. No comment. Wherever he stays? No comment. Do you have a... No comment. No comment. Do you have a mobile phone? No comment. No comment. No comment. Were you driving? No comment. No comment. No comment.