 Okay, what day is it today? Wednesday. Okay, I got up, I think it was at about... Sorry, I'm so tired, I'm trying to remember what I did. I was at my boyfriend's again yesterday. So I got up at about 7 and I drove back from Marrickville to Redfern. And I was going to park in the garage, which is why I left late at 7. But I realised that my housemate wanted to paint the garage, so I had to park on the street. I managed to get a parking spot, so that was good. I got ready for work. I caught the train out to work, Parramatta. I arrived at 20 past 9. Work was fairly normal. Nothing much happened. Actually, no, we had the Christmas lunch at the River Canyon. It was from about 12 o'clock. We went for a couple of hours. They had Brazilian dances at the end, which I thought was quite amusing and kind of risque, considering the clothing they were wearing, or lack of. And we came back, a bit of a stomachache all afternoon. I left work about quarter past 4, took the train back home. I arrived back home to a lot of police around the corner from our place, down the street. And there was a car abandoned in the middle of the street on an intersection, which was quite amusing. I didn't ask the police what they were doing, though. And then I left the house again at about 20 to 6. And I took a couple of DVDs back to the DVD store, posted a Christmas card, and then I drove to Broadway, where I went and caught up with a friend. We had dinner on Glee Point Road, and then we watched a movie. And then I drove home, got home at about 8.30. And then I worked on my computer, got ready for bed, then I went to bed at about, well, went to sleep, turned the light off about quarter past 10. Yes. I had a millet roll, or a millet ball, from Minku. It's a Whole Foods restaurant. My friend's very health-wise, and she's also gluten intolerant. So it was a millet ball. Yeah. It actually sounds worse than it actually tasted. It wasn't too bad. Well, I suppose millet. It's like a... To be honest, I've only ever associated millet with bird seed. Bird seed? Yeah. Millet. You give it to the birds. There was ginger in it, and I'm assuming millet. I think sesame seeds and some other things, and whatever to hold it together. It was kind of like crumbly, but you cut it up with a knife and fork. And we had salad and stuff with it. It wasn't too bad. Was there meat in it? No. No meat. I think all the food there is vegetarian. I think it's inku. In... Inku. Something like that. There's one on Oxford Street, and there's one, obviously, on Glee Point Road. No. Oh, actually, yes. We went to a gelato place just up the road, and I had a gelato, pistachio gelato in a cup. Were there many people in the... No. There was two people sitting down when we came in. Another couple came in after us and got served. So did you... Did you know? We shared the salad, and I got a millet ball, and she got something else. So we... I paid for mine and half of the salad. Yeah. Yes. Yes. No. What time was... I remember sitting down. We were sitting down, I checked my watch, and it was 6.40. 5 to 7. I thought the movie started at 7, but it actually started at 6.40, so it had already started when we arrived. But all the ads, I suppose, went for about 15, 10, 15, so we only missed a tiny bit. So when you left... We paid before we were served, and we sat in the restaurant. Yeah. It's kind of like takeaway or eat-in, but you pay before. We saw a trashy movie. It was the Twilight Saga, so the fourth movie, I think, in the series. We have a bit of a tradition. She used to be my housemate, and we both read the books. So now we both go to the movies. Nobody else would go, because they're pretty trashy. Are they vampires? Yeah, vampires. Vampires and werewolves. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Oh, no, that's something else. That's a TV series. Yeah. This one's the book, and then just the movie. It's pretty trashy. But kind of enjoyable. Have you seen... No. OK. Yeah, so... Yeah, that's right. That's them. That's the Twilight Saga. Saga. So what's this? I think this is the fourth book, and they're splitting it into two movies. So this was the first of the last. She becomes a vampire. That's right. We're doing it again. No, Millet Ball, and then a movie, trash movie. Oh, so you said that you went out for lunch. How come you... I think it was the combination of various desserts. Oh, you picked it all together. Well, not really that much. I think it was the hair that I saw in the pavlova, and then Louise removed it after, to after me. It just made me feel a bit uncomfortable. But then it was all the mixture of all the different foods. And I was quite surprised there was no Christmas pudding, no turkey. I didn't think it was totally amazing. No. It was OK. But not, I think everyone else thought it was really great. I thought it was OK, nothing to write home about. Yeah, it was good. It was not so much, I didn't feel very festive. It was just, it always felt like just going to a work function and everyone going to eat and then leave, not very Christmasy. And particularly because I don't really like buffets, everyone tends to go a bit crazy and end up with humongous big plates of food. And everyone's gobbling down food really fast so they can make sure they get up to the dessert table before it's all gone, and all that kind of stuff. But it was amusing. Dancing was amusing at the end. Where were they from? The dancers? Well, it's not real. It didn't occur to me. It wasn't a Brazilian restaurant. But there was Brazilian dancers there. I don't know where they were from. I presume the guys, they might have been from Brazil, the guys. And they did Cabo Verde dancing. And they had a few people get up in the audience and do some half-ass kicks and rolling on the ground, things like that. Apparently, yes, after I left, the staff officer, is it Jim Stewart? He got up and did, apparently he was very good. I think three couples got up to do some dancing. And he got the loudest cheer, so he won the prize or something. There's a place further up. Oh, really? It's adorable. See, that makes sense. Brazilian food, Brazilian dancing. But this was sort of, I don't know, like a function center with, and particularly because everyone was sort of eating. And then, excuse me, you had the dessert. And then it's kind of a bit sort of subdued. And there's other tables with other businesses having their corporate Christmas party or whatever. And then all of a sudden, there's this yelling, like, is everyone ready to party? You know, Brazilian dancing. And then everyone was sort of like, oh. Can everyone yell, yeah? And everyone was like, yay. So we just watched a bit, and we're like, oh, we're going. OK, so you got up at 7? No, I got up a bit later. I got up at 7. At 7. Because I thought I had the garage to drive home to, because parking's an issue. Oh, and you drove from Maryland? Marrickfield to Redfern. Possibly. I think I might have driven through it. In the afternoon, yes. When you got on the train? I always sit in the last one if I can. And I sat in the last one yesterday. I sat downstairs. I usually sit downstairs. So what time of train? It was probably the 8.40 train, around about 8.40, or quarter to 9. Oh, sorry. I'm talking about in the morning. No, on the way home. On the way home, I sat in the second carriage. And I caught 4.20 train, I think. It was a country train, so there's only four carriages. Yes, they usually are. Yeah, I try to avoid them. But if they're later in the evening, it's good, because there's honeybee on them, and they're quick. It's usually because everyone has their bags and stuff all over the seats. And it always smells weird, and there's always food and stuff and rubbish. So I don't like that. And they usually complain when the corporate people from work get on those trains, the people that are already on them. I've had people whinging. You can listen to them whinging about it, because I think they think that's just for them, the country train. You know, they're holidaying up where they've got their bags. Because I remember someone tripped over someone's bags, and he was yelling at them and saying, you know. And it's like, well, you should not be bagging in the middle of the aisle. So yeah, I try to avoid them if I can. OK, so that was a country train that you caught that day? Yes. Was there anyone here? No. Here in any way? No, no. When you got out, was the car in the middle of the street? The car was in the middle of the street. It was a team dissection, and the car was in the middle of the street, almost like it was turning the corner. And then someone had just parked in the middle and then got out and walked away. No, not that I could see. Were there any dead people? No. Almost like someone had just parked it. The door wasn't open. There was a lot of police there at the beginning. Yeah. And there was police up in the corner. And they just seemed to be standing there with this car. So, and it was still there when I left again. Maybe. And so then you said that you drove broadway? Yes. To where you were going? In the shopping center. In Broadway shopping center car park. In the Broadway shopping center car park. And there? Yes. There was a car in front of me, and I was next to the pole, and there was a car on my left. So that being the car? I drove the car, but my left being the passenger side, yes. OK. So when you parked the car? No. No. I realigned, but I didn't go back in and scratch the car. So when you got out of the car, what happened? Not that I was aware of. No. So you didn't? No. No, she joined me outside the cinema. The Twilight Saga, yes. You got home? No, I think I got home at about 8.30 or something like that. 8.40, what did I say initially? So the movie started at 7. Yeah, and so we started at 7, and then yeah. How long did it take you to get home? Oh, only about 5, 10 minutes, depending on how bad the traffic is. So yeah, you took the movie with you? Yeah, I must have. No. I use my student card, even though I'm not really a student. OK. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Where were you? No comment. Where did you go? No comment. Where are you? No comment. No comment. What? No comment. Where are you? No comment. No comment. Didn't I tell you 11 times? I've had a lot of trouble getting to you right now anddealin with the pros and cons of texting or texting. You're right. No comment. No comment.