 Well, I'd been sick for a week, so yesterday I didn't come in to work. So I had to get up because my son missed the bus, so I get up out of bed early anyway to drive him to the station. Then I came home, went back to bed, took a couple of Panadol and stayed there until about half past eleven. So basically I did what the doctors told me to do, was just rest and take Panadol. So I'm trying to rid myself of this virus. Have you had lunch? Oh yeah, I made a sandwich about two o'clock or something. When was the last time you went? I haven't had a holiday this year, but last year in June I went overseas. Where did you go? First of all to England, and a group of us walked Hadrian's Wall. So we spent a couple of weeks doing that, and then I went to Croatia and Italy and then did a tour around what used to be Eastern Europe. So that was great. Nice long break. How long? Nearly two months. Did you do freelance? Well the last part of it was a bus tour, but prior to that it was all making our own arrangements and organising transport and accommodation ourselves. But of course the last part is nice and easy, you just leave your bags out the front of the room and pick them up and organise everything for you. So when did you go away in June? By June last year, so other than the days off between Christmas and New Year last year, I haven't had a break this year. So I'm looking forward to Christmas and having a break. So was it warm over there? It was beautiful, we had the absolute best weather. It was just, I mean England can be very England and very grey and bleak, but it was just blue skies every day, it was absolutely gorgeous. And Croatia was in the 40s, so that was a little bit too hot there, but still extraordinary country so great to experience all of that. So yeah we had sort of a mixture, but in England it was good walking weather, it was sort of just mid-twenties so that was good. So you went to Croatia? Well no, that was the only part I did on my own and then the rest of it was the bus trip. So that was Hungary and Germany and Slovenia and Slovakia and all the old sort of Eastern European communist countries, so that was great. It was good to see that part because I've been over there a few times, but in the old days it was very difficult to get into the block, the Eastern block, so it was good to have the walls down and the boundaries down and be able to explore those areas. And did you meet up with friends? Not on the bus trip part, but on the walk across England there were six of us from Sydney who went over and a couple of them were already been there because it was a part of an extended trip for them, so we just met up with them in Newcastle and started the walk. When did you say you started? It's a national trail called the Hadrian's Wall Trail, Heritage Trail, so we walked across England from east to west. How long did it take? Took us about ten days, seven, twelve days. But it was very leisurely, people do it in a lot less time, but we'd sort of walk one day and then we'd have a day off and just walk around the villages and things like that and then pick up the walk again the next day. And how was it? It was wonderful. Yeah, it was great. Okay, so that wasn't a book tour either? No, I actually organised that for the six of us. Did you stay in bed for the six of you? No, we rented two cottages, so we had one cottage for seven days and then we'd do all the walks from there and then we moved over to the west coast and had another cottage there and did all the west coast trails from that house. So that was good. So you didn't walk from A to B and B to C to D? No, we'd do a chunk and then we'd come back to our cottage and then we'd pick it up from where we finished off that day and do the next bit and then come back to the cottage until it got too far away and then we had the other cottage walk through the other side of England, so we'd go out and pick up from where we were. So it worked out really well because it meant we didn't have to lug our suitcases and full backpacks every day. We had a base each night and got to know the villages very well where we were and it was good. So I can't afford another holiday now after that one. Well, given being away for two months, yeah. We had just done the walk and then come home. It wouldn't have been too bad but then we went to Croatia and to Italy and then I did the bus trip. So all in all it was quite expensive I guess at the end. In Italy, did you go to Florence? I didn't on this trip because I particularly wanted to go down to, my grandfather was born in a little island off Sicily, so that's really why I went there was just to explore this area of islands where he was from and spend some time there and try and determine whether we had any relatives and that there. So it was a bit of a family history sort of visit. Did you have to? I didn't, no. But the language was a real barrier because everywhere I went there wasn't, because they were only small islands, there wasn't a lot of English spoken there. So that made it difficult and also not knowing where to start I guess was, I probably should have done more research here before I left but I just thought being a small island, I'd be able to sort of get around and mix in, find someone who could speak English but it didn't quite work out as I expected. I got to see where he was born and where he lived and all of that before he emigrated out to Australia. And it's a lovely part of Italy. The Aeolian Islands they're called, which is just north of Sicily. It's been very exciting for you. It was, yeah. I'm a bit of the sort of family historian I guess in our family so I like to try and gather as much information as I can on our relatives. So yeah, it's a bit of an interest of mine. Good. I heard that yesterday that you were off sick for a week. But you had to go? Sun, yeah. Just to the station. Yeah, because we live far enough away that there's a bus but he missed the bus I guess because it was raining and he probably had trouble getting out of bed. Next minute he's knocking on the door, he left to get the bus and then next minute he's back at the door and I thought, oh god, I'm going to have to get up and drive him to the station. So I did. Okay, and then you were talking about your holiday. You said that you were away for two months. Had you always planned to be away? Well in the planning part of it I didn't expect to be away for that long. But I actually got my flight on my frequent flying points and the only flight I could get back was that sort of period. I couldn't get a free flight back earlier. But once I'd made the flight booking, yes, the trip went along on the basis that I was going to be away for two months. Okay, so you got your flight over and back? I did, yeah. Well it just shows how much I must spend on visa because it's linked to my visa guard. I'm not quite sure where the other points are. But I've done a lot of trips away and I normally go Qantas, so it adds to the points. Alright, let's get some other. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment.