 Well, the alarm went off about ten to six. I got up and I had a shower and made my bed and got dressed and went and woke my son up, or tried to, and had breakfast, made his breakfast and then we left. We drove to the station, got the trains our separate directions and I came to work. So ultimately I was here. So once I was here I worked very hard on all my DNA links and all my computer work and answered all the phone calls and gave lots of wonderful customer service. Oh and actually we had our FSG lunch, I've got about that. So we had our lunch down at a restaurant down on the river and they had a South American dancing show on which was quite interesting. One of the bosses got called up on stage to do a bit of Zumba with, that was quite nice. And yeah, just back to work and then off home about quarter to five. Usual thing, cook tea, clean up, watch a bit of telly, go to bed. About 9.30, 10, somewhere around there. I watched the 7 o'clock ABC News and I haven't watched anything again until about 8.30. I watched that Sherlock show, Sherlock Holmes. Yeah, it is quite good but it's mainly on Foxtel so I've already seen the series. But yeah, it's quite interesting. I had tuna pasta, that would have been about quarter past or past seven. No, that was freshly cooked by my own hands. About quarter to seven. Yeah, I live at Wurrunga so it's quite a way. I know, I'm not very happy about it I can tell you. Well that's Ting. About, it was about five to seven. Well I'm normally at Parramatta about quarter past eight or something. I get coffee here about twenty past. Well, especially now at the moment because it's school holidays. So the trains aren't as full so they seem to be getting through quicker. Because the trains don't link up as well as they do in the morning. Yeah, I've got to get three trains to get home. Yeah, Tarramurra, Northside, North Shore. Oh right, no. No, well, no. If I do the three trains, I go to Hornsby and then Hornsby to Strathfield and then Strathfield to Parramatta. So with all those trains going to work. Yeah, yeah. So coming home I do the same thing but the trains don't link up as well so I've got like a twenty minute wait and a ten minute wait. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, well most of them on the Central Coast train you get on there although they're used to travelling that far they bring their little head cushions and some of them have got little blankets. In winter it's amazing, they've got blankets and rugs and their slippers on and headrests and it's really quite funny. Yeah, Tuna Pasta, yeah. No. Parramatta to Strathfield I was on about the second carriage. Yeah, it goes at five to five. Yeah. Not in my carriage. In the side part. Yeah. No, I don't think so. No, no, no, no. Didn't sound like there was any action at all. Sometimes there is but not last night. No, we went to the River Canyon. No, no, about two, just after two. Ten past two or something. Well yeah, I think there was some concession but yeah, it comes out of flex time, at lunch time. No, we just paid individually and to the organiser. Probably 40 maybe, 35 to 40. Yeah, it was good. Yeah, the food wasn't crash hot but yeah, it was okay. It's like a wheat or something, isn't it, you mean? Oh, okay. Yeah, I think it's some kind of like a, it's a seed, some kind of seed or wheat or whatever you call, a grain, a grain, that's the word. I didn't see any vegetarian food, they had like plates of vegetables but I didn't see anything that looked like it was vegetarian. I think their watch must have. Well, I suppose if someone could check the computer log on time, BTS I suppose could do that, check what time you logged in. This one, to get in the front door? Yeah. No, no, because we've all got our own so we don't need to. Once or twice in five years but not generally. Oh, I don't know. Obviously it's wrong because I get the same train every day and I know I got that train yesterday because I actually met someone from work at Strathfield Station. So we got the train from Strathfield Station to Parramatta so I guess he could verify it. What time I got in? No, I had cereal and fruit. No, I don't mind it. No. No, the ABC News. Yeah, because I wasn't home in time for the Channel 9 news. No, I'd be sound asleep by then. About 9.30 I think, 9.30, 10, something like that. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.