 Okay, well I had a flexi day yesterday, so I didn't come to work, so that was nice. So I got up at about six and got my son off to work, then I actually went back to work, back to bed until nine o'clock and got up and I had breakfast and got myself ready and went up to the shops with the thought of finishing off my Christmas shopping, which was good. So it was nice to have a day off before Christmas to do that. And then I came back home and unpacked everything and then I went to the hairdressers and had my hair cut and coloured and came back from that and it was about half past four, quarter to five by then, so I got dinner ready and my son came home with a friend, so they polished off the dinner and I managed to get the scrapings from the pot. And I had an early night, went to bed about nine. I watched the news, the ABC news, seven o'clock. I don't think I saw anything else, that was about it. I went up to Hornsby, Westfield, went to David Jones and Woolies and Aldi and Target, just had a general look around. Not food, but presents, yep, not that organised. Not really doing the cards much the last few years. Only if people send me one, I send one back. I've sent out about six. No, no, he got the bus. Not many left I don't think. I don't think we had any rain yesterday. Nine. Yesterday I had cereal and banana. No, it was neutral grain I think. I do actually, that's what I had for lunch. You are psyched. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, wow, chocolate runny. That'd be quite nice I suppose. Oh right, they do too. No, that was between coming home and before I went to the hairdresser. So, about 10 minutes. Not yet, no. I haven't bought petrol since the weekend. Yeah, it was pretty full. I couldn't get anywhere on about the first three levels. So, I ended up quite, not on the roof, but the one below that. So, that's normally an indication that it's pretty busy. But there weren't a lot of people inside though. About 10.30? Front end, yep, one. Yeah, my son. No, no. He didn't eat anything. No, no, because there was no car on that side. There was a car on my side, yeah, the driver's side, but there was nothing on the other side. No, no. Well, there was a four-wheel drive both times, so I assume it was the same one. No. Well, I know there wasn't any glass or anything, so there was no broken headlights or anything like that. No. No, I got home about a quarter to one, I think. I left at 1.30 to go to the hairdresser's. About two hours, two and a bit. It's in a very small little shopping centre, a few suburbs away. About quarter to five, I think so. No, no, no. Chicken risotto. You're a funny lady. No, he walks in the door and says, what's for dinner? So it's already done by me, if I'm at home. I do sometimes, but no, I watched the ABC News last night. Yeah, the news, yeah. I went to bed about nine. I sort of put Foxtel on, but I fell asleep pretty quickly, so I didn't watch much. No, I went about nine o'clock. Christmas Day, yeah, but we're having the family Christmas, Christmas Eve. Sisters, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment. No comment. No comment.