 Yeah, I got up about 5 o'clock, had a shave, shower, got dressed, drove to work, arrived at work at 6.30, then worked in the office basically for most of the day, had lunch about 12 o'clock, 12 to 12.30, and then finished at 4.30, drove home, got home, did some things around the house, had dinner, watched a bit of telly and went to bed. About 9 o'clock. Blackadder. Yeah, I was on a DVD. Had some stir fry chicken. No. Yeah. 6 o'clock, between 6 and 6.30. Yeah, hour and a half, depending on traffic. Yep, sometimes. Spaghetti marinara. Yep, Weet-Bix. No, no, no, just Weet-Bix. I'm a Weet-Bix kid. Yep, 6.30. Yeah, basically the same. Sunday. Yeah, I can actually. I got up at about 7.30, 8 o'clock, and I wanted to install a home theatre, a wiring for a home theatre system at home, so I knew it was going to be a hot day, so I got up and had a bit of breakfast, went up to the manhole in the garage, climbed up in that and decided that I couldn't fit any further into the roof, so I went round the other side and grabbed a ladder and went up on the roof and kicked some tiles away and broke in through the roof that way, and worked out that I needed more tools than what I had, so I had to go to the hardware shop, came back, and by that stage it was already 35 degrees. I climbed in the roof for about 5 minute sessions of installing this wire, sweating away, and finally got it done Monday afternoon. Yeah, I put the wiring in and then the wiring to some speakers wasn't long enough in one section, so I had to get back up and pull it out and redo it, so I had to do that the next day because I was suffering heat exhaustion from the Sunday, so I had a break. Yes, yes, yes, no, yes, about 9.30, 10 o'clock. Actually I picked up a strip, a plastic strip to get the wires down the wall and a gyprock repair kit. Yep, no. No, I drove straight because there was two car parks, so I drove in and through the first one and that one and was able to drive straight out. Yep, yep, no, didn't happen, no, no. 3 or 4 years old? No, no, there's a little dent on the front of it, but not from an accident. Nope, no, yep, yep, yep. Oh, I could fit in the manhole but not through the roof, nor the wood, yeah, and they were just that close together that I couldn't go up or down. Yeah, no, onto the tiled roof and through the roof. Yep, Monday afternoon. Yep, no, no, hope not. No, 5am? Yep, no, weekday? Never. 6.30? Generally, yes. No, 12 o'clock? Yep, at Maranara. No, no, about half an hour? 4.30? No. Oh, if I do overtime I will, but not on this occasion, no. Sometimes, yes? No. No, I got home between 6 or 6.30. No, I didn't cook dinner and I had stir-fry chicken. Blackadder, yes. Blackadder. Yep, hour before that, 9 o'clock. No, no, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment. No comment. No comment.