 Um, got up at about probably half past five, maybe, oh actually a little bit early, about twenty past five, shower, shave, shampoo, quick bite of breakfast, drove down to the railway station, parked the car on the street, drove down and walked from there to the railway station, caught the train to work. Got to work about quarter to seven, when basically straight into something that had to be done for work. Took about half an hour to get through, um, and then just did general things throughout the day. Had lunch round about half past twelve to about one o'clock, um, left here about quarter to five, caught the train home, uh, drove from where I'd parked the car to the shops, quick bit of shopping for dinner, went home, cooked dinner, watched a bit of television, watched a bit of soccer on TV, went to sleep about ten o'clock, that was it. Yes. Round about twenty past five, yes, just a quick drink of fruit juice, no, no, no, occasionally toast but not cereal, yes, not really, no. I don't mind Marmite but Vegemite's just a, yes. Uh, six oh three, yes, yes, yesterday I had rice paper rolls from the, yeah, Me's Bakery down the road and a couple of bread rolls as well, just with butter on them, yeah. Oh, the Vietnamese ones are about, probably that long, um, bit of rice in them and a choice of pork, beef or, um, tuna at the shop we went to yesterday. Uh, no I had pork ones yesterday. Yes I did. No. Oh, occasionally but just force of habit Woolworths, occasionally, yeah. There's an Aldi that's next, pretty close to where the Woolworths is so it just depends on, you know, Aldi's more of a novelty thing still really, like, no, there's not one local to where I live. Um, I bought, oh, it's not quite a full shop but a few things more than normal. Um, just like a mince dish, nah, just pasta, it's a pre-packed thing, you just cook the mince, throw in a little seasoning sachet and a bit of water and then the pasta comes with it, just stir it in, let it simmer for five, ten minutes and yeah, yeah, soccer. David Beckham, yes he did, yeah, no, didn't score any goals. Yeah, he had a couple of near misses but their goals were actually penalties and a bloke by the name of Keegan took the penalties. Um, there was one suggestion actually that he was injured but then he was interviewed probably halfway through the first half and said no, he's just being rested. Um, apparently they're starting to go, well they are going a little bit better than they were in the early season and, uh, the coach didn't want to risk such a high profile of a marketing player for a, um, friendly LA Galaxy. I think they might have played one in Queensland as well but, um, yeah, they just came out for, no, they actually only played the one game last night. Yeah, yeah, yeah, starting to get a bit more high profile. Oh, well I was in Germany a couple of years ago just for a holiday when my brother's son was getting christened and actually went to a UEFA Cup game which is, I think, the way they play it over there, all, if the top two teams say that from the German comp play the top, they all go, from all the countries going to a comp they call it UEFA Cup and it ended up that I went to see Stuttgart play, uh, St. Petersburg so, oh yeah, just for the novelty of it really more than anything but, and, uh, just sort of been into, you know, got a little bit more into it because it's just a lot better than, like, the whole comps run a lot better than rugby league, like rugby league players are just meatheads and, oh, I've never been into baseball but, like, and you can just sit down and watch the A-league now too and it's getting a little bit better and, like, Sydney FC was supposed to play, um, Perth this afternoon, or this evening at Campbelltown Stadium and we're going to get out to watch that but Perth couldn't get out of the airport yesterday, the team couldn't get out of the airport because there was a couple of bad storms and because Perth's so far away the next flight would have got here about half past four this afternoon and they just didn't have enough time to prepare so, that happens but, hmm, well they had a game on, uh, Sunday at St George, oh, Cogger Oval and I was just seeing, just watching the camera work was a lot better than, yeah, oh, like I got a couple of jerseys and I was over there and I've actually ordered a couple more on the net since and they're just, unfortunately, like, the ones I've got are bright red and bright yellow so, you know, pretty useless for any, like, you can't wear them on surveillance for that. The one is actually, it's a goalie's jersey and it's canary yellow, no, 520. No, it drove down to the railway station parked in the commuter car park. Um, I leave home generally about 5.45 and I'm normally parking the car and locking the car at 5.51 because then that gives me a couple of, enough time to get to the railway station to get, yes, yep, ah, 6.45, no, 5.45, 6.45, yep, ah, the access card would show what time I walked in the turnstiles downstairs, ah, access card would also show what time I swiped it on the door to get into the office and I've logged on straight away as well and started, one of my colleagues had sent, had typed something up and he'd sent a copy of it via email to everyone else in the office to proofread so, and it'd probably show too what time I printed it up, what time I hit print, ah, 12 till 12.30, or Vietnamese rice paper or else. Ah, no, I've walked out about a quarter to five, or about 20 to five yesterday afternoon. Um, yesterday morning coming to work, ah, the front carriage of the train. Ah, downstairs, no, no, no, not yesterday, no, no, no, or worse I minced it with pasta, beef mince, a sucker, ah, baked in, no comment, no comment, no qute, no qute, no comment, no comment, no comment, no qua'ment, no comment, no qua'ment, no qua'ment, no quite, no comme'nt, no qua't, no com't, no quo'ment, no qua't, no qua't, comment, no comment.