 I got up at about quarter past five, showered, shaved, etc. Went down, drove from home down to the railway station, caught the train to work. Got to work about quarter to seven. Did the usual things I do in the morning when I come to work, just have a look at what's been happening overnight. Went into town and spoke to a bank investigator, got a statement from them at a police station in town. After that, went back to the office where I used to work to drop off something that had to be dropped off that was fairly important. Got back to here just before lunch. Did lunch, after lunch did some catching up from the statement I'd taken in the morning. A few inquiries to do with that. Then later in the afternoon a colleague basically rang me and said, I'm supposed to go and pick something up from another place at Rhodes, but I won't be able to get there. So myself and someone else drove out there, picked it up and then went home. But on the way home found out that the windscreen wiper on the car wasn't working, which is what we were talking about earlier. And then this morning it was even worse. Got home last night, had dinner, fed the dog, watched a bit of television, was asleep by about 10 o'clock. When I got home what was the news? Then top gear on Foxtel. Mash. On Foxtel. Bit of sport on Foxtel, there's nothing much on. Orange juice, I don't normally eat breakfast as such, just have orange juice or something like that. A glass of orange juice at home and then I'd also had a carton of orange juice here. I had that when I was here as well. I did drive. Yes. My car I drove down and a work car that I took home yesterday afternoon. The colleague that was with me basically, when we got to the railway station I got into my car. He drove me to my house and I dropped my car off, then I drove him in the work car to where his car was parked a couple of railway stations down and then drove back home. Not, no. An egg sandwich. Nah, bought it at the cafeteria downstairs. About 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Burritos, Mexican. I was re-herded from the previous night. Yes. Don't have a cat. No. Not really. Yes. No. Nah, too wet. I have in the past but it's just as easy now for me to take her for a walk because there's a bit of bush area near where I walk. Just let her off the load down there, she runs through the bush tracks. Last weekend, Sunday. Just after lunch. About 2 o'clock in the afternoon. Not normally, I have come across people in the past, just other people walking their dogs and stuff. Not when I was walking the dog, no. 45 minutes, probably half an hour of that. Not at all times, no. Yep, right. Wasn't my dog. No. Very, very friendly dog. Just very friendly, even with people she's never met before, she's very, very friendly to them. I'm not quite sure because I found her when I was a pup. Or when she was a pup, rather. That was in early, about January 2004, she was a pup. So she'd be 8, coming up to 8 years old. No, it's a, she's a kelpie shape and a kelpie size, but a German Shepherd appearance. But she doesn't have the pointy ears, she's got the floppy ears. And just the colour of a Shepherd, and the shape of a Shepherd, long and skinny. No, nothing like that at all, no. No, no, burritos. 5 o'clock. Well, we left here and drove from this building here, Police Headquarters, to Rhodes. And to get there we drove down the M, basically from here along the M4 onto Home Bush Bay Drive, along Home Bush Bay Drive, becomes, I think, no, sorry, it's still Home Bush Bay Drive, opposite where Concord Road is, is where the complex was. Turned into there, the gentleman from the bank came down and met us, put the packages that he, he gave us the packages that he had to give us, they were in a box, put those in the back of the car. Then we drove from there to where I live, or where I dropped my colleague off, and I got some petrol on the way back, and the, when I put the fuel receipt in today, the fuel receipt was at 5, 5.11. 10 past 5 yesterday afternoon I was getting fuel at Minto. Quarter to 7, the train, I get in, the train gets in at about 6.39. Five minute walk, so I'm normally walking in the door at quarter to 7. No, it's, um, the railway station that I go to is in the middle of being revamped. Um, there used to be ample commuter parking near the railway station, that's, because of the revamp, that's been moved, and the council has just opened up another parking spot for commuters about a five minute walk from the railway station. Um, because I got there fairly early in the morning, I was there about 10 to 6, 5 to 6 yesterday morning, there wasn't that many, and it was probably three quarters full when I went back there yesterday afternoon, which was a little bit, about 20 minutes earlier than I normally get back there, and it was about three quarters full. Normally when I get back there it's probably about half full, so, yep. No behind, I actually parked on the street near the parking, out the front of that parking area, parked on the street. Yeah, close and parallel to the kerb facing. Yes. The car I drove down there, yes. Just the one. Not normally, no. Just me. I parked it at a, very close to 10 to 6. Didn't hit any car. No. Yes. Yes. Um, it was in early February this year, um, and I was parked out the front of the newsagent where I live, um, in a route to kerb parking spot. I'd just bought the papers, and I was reading the papers, and because my bathroom was being renovated, and the builders were at home renovating, and I was going to let them do their stuff, and all that sort of stuff, and while I was sitting there someone backed into me, and actually the car that backed into me was registered to the paint company that had bought the paint off to paint the bathroom, so, yes. Now that was fixed, and that was fixed probably about three weeks after the accident happened. Um, just after quat- or around quarter to seven, blue. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.