 gone yesterday. Okay yesterday I got up about well actually it started at 2 30 a.m. when I got up and went and picked up my son from a party then I went back to bed then I got up at quarter past eight and had breakfast. 8 30 a friend came around because my son was going to polish her car so we had a little bit of chat and then I actually drove her back home. Then for the morning I did a load of washing and I completed decorating the house with Christmas things. I did some work on the computer I had lunch about 12 30 and I what did I do after that did we watch a movie no I don't think I watched a movie didn't go out I just had to keep it cleaning and I was cleaning back veranda and making it look lovely for Christmas when I'm having guests over on Thursday and about well there was a storm we had a big storm and there was lots of rain and wind and I cooked dinner and had dinner about six o'clock and watched tv and then went to bed about 9 30. No 8 30 we watched Terra Nova. 8 30 7 30 we watched 60 Minutes. 6 30 the tv was on but I was actually probably on the computer. I cooked beef stroganoff for dinner. No we had lunch in I made ham and salad rolls for lunch. Didn't watch a movie then. No the tv was on but I actually didn't watch a movie I only really started watching tv after dinner. Breakfast yesterday I had two pieces of wholemeal toast with one with Vegemite and one with honey. No don't like Promite. No don't like Marmite either. No I don't think I want to try. No I think I'll just stick with the Vegemite. I was probably back at three o'clock. Yeah it's only half an hour. No it was about 8 15. No I had toast for breakfast. Toast and a cup of tea. No she came about 8 30. I drove my friend home. Yeah and no my son was supposed to be cleaning the car and he was supposed to be getting up to drive her home but he was still asleep so I actually drove her home. No because we had such a bad day of weather the car's still in the backyard and still waiting to be polished because he couldn't do it in the rain. No it was only about 10 minutes later. Yeah only lives around the corner so not far so only 10 minutes it would have taken me by the time I dropped her and come back again. No no this is actually a spare car they have so the car's actually staying at our place now until it gets polished. No I did just cleaning of the house and still trying to put all the Christmas decorations up. Yes finally veranda looks lovely. I we put a few I put a few did it all myself this year just on our little veranda but they're just little lights so just not not a big deal. Decorations definitely not no no no some ham salad rolls. I don't know might have my husband was watching movies I wasn't watching it during the day though. No during the day it was I don't know it was really heavy before lunch and then we've we had rain off and on all day. Our side of the town wasn't and the other side of the town there was hail so we actually didn't get it at our place. No dinner was probably about six. Beef stroganoff. I do do ravioli sometimes yes. No I don't know what was on at 6 30 but it was an x-factor and 7 30 was 60 minutes. Terra Nova was on. Oh yeah I don't mind it it's okay there's not much else on. No I went to bed about quarter 10 in the morning yeah early hours in the morning. No no no I didn't didn't get out of the car. No I just pulled up and I didn't beep I could see him coming so I just waited. No no no I didn't drop her off. Oh no yeah no I didn't go in for a couple I just dropped her off. No actually I went up and bought the rolls for lunch but just that I didn't do any other just went to the little bakery for the rolls for lunch. After the storm actually one lot of storm had come and it was after that. Oh no not in the shopping car park and it was a lane way. Yes it was. No no no I drove in right in. Oh no just along the side of a road yeah curb parking. Um we have one in my husband's name. Yes my son's car. No no I didn't hit any car. No no because there was only the car in front there was only the one car it was usually the laneways really busy but it wasn't because of the storm had just finished and there was only one car and I didn't need to go anywhere close to it so. No no no we don't have any damage on our car. Uh yes yes. No no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment comment comment comment comment comments