 I got up at five o'clock, had a shower, I had breakfast, caught the train into work and then I spent the day at work doing different activities, had a couple of meetings, had lunch, left work at quarter past three, went home in the heat and then cooked dinner and watched TV. I went to bed at quarter to ten. Yes, we watched SBS first of all and it was, can't remember, the second show was about elevators and people getting stuck in elevators and how much society has changed because of elevators, which was really interesting. No, actually I got in work and thought all those mechanics of the elevator that nobody thinks on, as they said that the world wouldn't be the same without the elevators because we couldn't go up in height in buildings and New York like tripled the size but not the geographical size but the population size because it went up so it's very interesting. Dinner at six o'clock. We had steak and sausages, mashed potato and vegetables. I caught the train home which was running late in the heat. I got home at ten past four. I prepared dinner. What did I do to start off with? I probably sat and talked to the family first and then I started dinner about five o'clock. I had lunch at 12.20 until ten to one. A salad that I made at home to bring to work. It had some corned beef, an egg and then normal lettuce, carrot, cucumber, tomato, boiled egg. I actually get into work at ten to seven so I officially start at seven o'clock. They always get ten minutes out of me before I clock in. I caught the train in half an hour. I catch the train at twenty past six. It arrives in at twenty to seven and then it takes me about ten minutes to walk to the to the building. Yesterday I had one-way bix and a combination of muesli on top with a banana. You said you went to bed last night at about ten? 9.45pm. That is the usual time. It doesn't mean I go to sleep but I'm so tired that sometimes I don't go to sleep but yes that's that's around the normal time. That was on SBS and we watched something before on SBS too but I can't remember. That was obviously very good because at the same time I was actually on the computer looking up accommodation for holidays in July. So I wasn't actually apart from the elevator which I was focusing on. So because the computer is actually near the lounge room that I can see the TV. Yes we watched Channel 10, the project from 6.30 to 7.30 and then changed to whatever channel. Maybe it was ABC first off and then SBS. I can't remember. No, steak and chops and sausages. Yes. No my husband refused to barbecue. He hates barbecuing so unfortunately it's grilled. Yeah it is a shame isn't it? Yeah yeah that's right and usually my son barbecues but he wasn't home. No I actually got home about 10 past 4. I finished work at quarter past 3. Yeah yeah I don't I mean that's just it fits in with times of trains. So I do a 7 till quarter past 3 time half an hour lunch. That gives me a little bit of flexi and I get home in a decent hour. No I had a salad with corned beef and boiled egg. No I got in at 10 to 7. I sign on at 7. Yeah there is actually where I am now there is actually probably about five people already there when I come into the office. I do yeah so I have to swipe to get up to the in the block A elevators. No I usually go out with them although we don't have we have open access to actually the floor once we're on the floor you don't need a swipe card. Yeah no no no. They were wrong I started at 10 to 7. Yes swipe card coming into the security because it checks times when you come in first to come into the building when you go through security yes I have to swipe a card and that checks the time of your swipe card. Well there must be a malfunction of it because I was I swiped in about 10 to 7. No the train so I catch a train and then walk from the station to the building. Going home second from the back. Yeah yeah it is because it actually stops right at the exit of the railway station. It is crowded getting on at Parramatta until about Blacktown and then it's not it's fine after that it gets a little bit less hectic. A lot of school kids unfortunately. Yeah no I read yeah I sit up the top. No no only kids mucking around but not raised voices. Yes the kids were swearing yeah. No no no not at all. Yeah they were just mucking around. It was a happy raised voice swearing it wasn't anything aggressive. Okay no comment No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment No comment no comment, no comment no comment, no comment No comment No comment Did you drop your card woods? No comment, no comment.