 Okay, I got up about 7.30 and boiled 12 eggs and made cupcake. I had breakfast. 10 o'clock I went up this shop and bought bread rolls and ice and then came back home. 11.30 a group of friends came over for lunch and I talked and I prepared extra bits for lunch and then we had lunch about one o'clock and basically sat in that all afternoon and then there was a storm about two o'clock. Lucky we were inside. We then, one of the friends had been overseas to America so we watched, I had some of her photos on the laptop on a CD so we watched that. We gave presents which was nice and then they left about five o'clock and then I cleaned up for a couple of hours and then we had a toasted sandwich for dinner and I went to bed about nine thirty. I had turkey, cranberry and camembert. It was a Christmas lunch. I had turkey, just turkey breast that I'd cooked the day before so I had turkey breast and ham and all different types of salad. I had pasta salad and potato salad and an avocado and mango salad. One of the girls bought prawns so we had the prawns as well. Ham from the deli. I did most of them and then one of the friends actually brought a chicken and pasta salad she bought and a Caesar salad. There were ten of us. I did. I just got a rocket mix from Aldi, one of their sort of lettuce mix which has got a lot of rocket in it and I just added the avocado, cut up avocado and three mangoes and just put a little bit of balsamic vinegar in it because I couldn't find the dressing that I like and then I'd then just put that on my plate and added my prawns to that but people didn't necessarily have to add their prawns to it. Yeah, very nice. It was a night, I don't know what it's called, it was a craft one that they had out last year that they don't have out anymore which was a real pain, a bit more sweeter. That was it, yeah. You like that one. That was really nice. It was a really good combination, it was a strange sort of mixture from Aldi. So that was good. Yeah. Yeah and there was a lot of rocket but there was other stuff in it too so it just made it look a little bit different because we normally just have the normal lettuce with anything we have so it just made it a little bit different. I have no idea, we bought a box, I don't know what they were called actually, they were only fairly little and we bought a box for $12 and there was about 22 in the box which was really good but they were only little small ones but they were very nice. No, that was from the fruit shop at Rouse Hill. Yeah, they're a bit bigger. It's red. Yeah, that's it. Well, we've had a few boxes, this is probably our fourth box now, not from the same place but they've all been really nice but they've been, yeah, they're little ones not the big red. Yeah, exactly. My son's in Townsville at the moment and he said he bought a box for $6. What a good bargain that was. So I then told him to make sure he didn't have a stomach ache because he'd eaten them all himself. No, I think I got up about 7.30. No, no, too busy. I didn't have breakfast till about nine o'clock. No, I had raisin toast. Occasionally. No, I don't like pro-mint. Only like, no, just Vegemite. Yeah, no, fairly thin. No, no, oh, there you go. No, I didn't know that. No, I boiled. No, no, I made just some cupcakes, chocolate cupcakes that I then decorated. Yeah, that was for the party. No, it was about 10. Our Franklin's. Franklin's. Yeah, drove. Yeah, no, my husband's name. No, no, no, I just went. Yeah, no, no, totally organised. I was in the right time. No, no rushing. Yeah, yeah, it was actually, I was actually even went home and said how quiet the shops were, which was, I mean, it's not a big shopping centre, but it was really quiet for a Sunday. There was on one side, but I didn't know. I don't remember the other side. Driver's side. No, I drove straight in. On the driver's side. Yeah, no, it didn't. There was. No, no, no, it didn't happen. No, I didn't speak to him and he didn't get out of the car. I just noticed that he was sitting in the driver's seat when I opened my door. So I was more careful about opening the door. Yeah, I didn't hit a car. I didn't hit the car and I didn't talk to him at all. I didn't talk to anybody in the car park. Oh, there was 10 all up. So a couple of, so six friends all up because there were four of us. We had turkey breast. Yes. And him. No, it was just him off the bone. Normal him. No, no, no, no. I just got it from cut from the deli. No, not pasta. I had a pasta salad as well, but that was just a bought pasta salad, but it was mango and avocado and lettuce sort of salad. Yeah, no, I think it was more about two ish to 30. I think it was while we were eating lunch. Lucky we were on the back veranda and we weren't outside. It was really yeah, quite pelted down. No, it was that wasn't actually on the photo album. She had them on a disc. So I put it on the laptop and then we just sat around and watched the laptop. No, I don't know. Get they tried that on my husband and son tried to get it on the TV, but they couldn't do it. So I just use the my laptop. Yeah. Well, yeah, we were sort of watching it in the distance too long. 2000 and 2000 photos. And we only went got through one disc bit too long, especially after eating and feeling like we wanted to go to sleep. Very good though. That was very good. Exactly. She was very excited about them and explained it. We're hoping for the next half next time we say we'll be in a photo album and then we can just flick that was a little bit long at that time of the day. Yeah, actually, I would have got four well four gifts from four people, but there were a couple that had sort of, you know, a couple of things in them. They will for a very nice present there. I think they left about five ish.