 Okay, yesterday. Did I do yesterday? It wasn't that long ago, but it still seems like it. Okay, yesterday morning we got up. The kids got up a bit early yesterday morning. So we were up at quarter past six, 6.30. And I always have to have a cup of tea when I first get up, which is always good. And then we chilled out for a while, had some breakfast, and just the kids watched cartoons and on TV. Alyssa loves Dora the Explorer at the moment. So she takes over the television. And Tony, at about eight o'clock, went out and mowed the lawns. And the two boys, Riley and Dylan, they took off and went to play the Wii games, so the computer games. So they did that. Alyssa watched telly and I just watched her, looked after her. And then we were going out for yum cha for the morning. So we all had to get ready for that, and showers, get dressed. And we left by 10 o'clock to go out to yum cha at Canterbury Leagues Club to meet with some friends of Tony's that he used to work with, their family. And they have twins the same age as Alyssa, so around almost two years of age. So very busy at yum cha with the kids, trying to feed them all, and still relax and feed ourselves. So the boys ate like crazy. They had fun. They enjoyed it. Alyssa loves yum cha as well, so she eats everything. So that was good. And the food was absolutely delicious. It was really yummy. I could have eaten more, actually. And so we stayed there till about quarter past 12. And then we came home and put Alyssa to bed. She had a good sleep. And the boys decided to relax and watch a movie. And my sister came down to look after them, so Tony and I could go off and have a look at a car, because my husband wants to buy a second car and give our car, our second car to my sister so she can learn to drive. So we got caught in a lovely big storm while looking at cars. So that wasn't much fun, pouring down rain, trying to get in and out of cars and have a look at the interior. And so we hopped around a few different cars. There was a good deal on Hyundai. I had a big sale on. And they had the Hyundai gets down to about $11,000 for a brand new car drive away. So that was the car we went to look at. And I think Tony knew that once I saw it, I'd say go up to the next model, because it's very claustrophobic, very tiny inside. And you don't feel very safe in it. So I said, no, next model up, have a look. And we ended up going with the Hyundai Accent. So yeah, so we're getting a second little car that's a bit nicer than the old Hyundai Accel that we have now. So you can drive to work in a bit nicer comforts. The car door on the Hyundai Accel that we have, the car door leaks a little bit. So every time it rains, he gets wet. And he's always got a towel in there. And so he's quite excited about having just the nice little luxury of not getting wet and not sitting in a car seat that's damp. And the car got broken into a long time ago. And where they've jimmied at the top of it, they've bent it a fraction. So, I mean, we just have to take it to a panel beaters and get it soldered and bent back into place and it'll be fine. So we do have to fix that before we give it to my sister. Yeah, that's, no, no. Yeah, we'll definitely get it fixed before we give it to her. But so, I'm sure it's a quick, easy job, but just thought, yeah, never got around to it. One of those things. We raced, we had to drop some barbecue equipment off to my uncle and auntie's house because my uncle and my husband play golf together. And they had a big barbecue for the end of their social golf club last weekend. And we still had all the barbecue equipment. So we dropped that off to them quickly and then got home to the kids because it was getting late by that stage. Getting dinner ready and then getting the kids bathed and I still had to iron their school shirts, always leave things to the last minute and get their bags packed for school, lunch boxes and all that sort of stuff. Busy evening, which wasn't planned because I had not planned to go looking at cars at all. It was something that Tony sprung on me. He's like, let's go look at this. Cause he knew I wasn't keen on getting a second car cause we already have one, but he's really trying to encourage Alicia to get her licence. Yeah, my sister, she does need to, you know, cause otherwise my mum will just drive her everywhere. No, no, she's 19. So she really should go and get her licence. Yeah, yeah, she's quite a young 19 year old. Like she's quite naive and sheltered. Yeah, it'd be good for her. Yeah, definitely. Oh, about 5.30, I did. We had a Greek style baked chicken with like lemon and thyme and oregano through it. Apparently the lemon juices and all the herbs, they call it a Greek style marinade. Yes, no, no, I just threw this chicken in the oven after they went to bed, yes. So at about 7.30, we're in the middle of watching Vampire Diaries. Yeah, so we're still watching it. We're almost finished. We're up to about the 17th episode. And so there's, I think there's another disc to go. So I'm almost finished. Season one, he is now. He's happy to watch it. Yep, we've really enjoyed it. Yeah, yeah, it's sort of a, it is a similar, I don't know if you liked the Twilight and all that. Yeah, no, it's good. Yeah, I liked it. It's a bit of a love story. So if you like love story stuff, it's good. Yeah, yeah, no. Well, I'd never have either, but one of the girls at work keeps hounding me to watch it. She's like, oh, you have to watch it. I know you'll really enjoy it. So yeah, and it is good watching a series without commercials and, you know, and I can imagine, cause there's little cliffhangers at the end of every episode. And so I could imagine it would be exciting if you're watching it just week by week, you could tell people would be like, oh, I can't wait to see what happens next week. But when you're just watching it episode after episode, you know, it's good, yeah. Does, yeah, you do understand the storyline a lot better, don't you? Quarter to 10? About 6.30. Yep. Never. Never. We had Sultana brand. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh yes, yeah. Yeah, I'll have toast with strawberry jam or toast with a fried egg or scrambled eggs. No, I can't eat it. Yes, mowing the lawn. No, no, I do that. About 10. Yep. No, we had yum cha. To Canterbury Leagues Club. No, about 12, 15. Yes. No, at about one, one o'clock. Yes. No. Yes. Yes. Oh, just the one baby seat and the two cats, like a portable seat, more booster seats. Yeah, yes. And my husband, sorry. Yeah. About probably 20 minutes. Yeah, about that. No, not a lot. Yes, we did. No, just on the driver's side. Drive in, drive in, yep. No, I don't. No, no, yes, no, no, no, there wasn't. No, no, no, about one o'clock. Yes, that was the plan. Well, no, we went to look at the gets and then decided on the Hyundai Accent. No, no. Yeah, it was, it was, yeah. There was a huge sale on all of the cars, so they were all reduced. Yeah, yeah. About five 30. Yeah, roast chicken. Yeah, sometimes, not very often, but no, no, vampire diaries. About quarter to 10, yeah. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment. No comment. No comment.