 Oh gee, okay. Yesterday was an extremely boring day of housework. So I got to sleep in a little bit. My husband got up with the kids so that was really good and relaxed for the morning. And Tony wanted to go and buy some DVD players for the car. So he took off over to Target to have a look for those. And I just put it around with the kids and got some loads of washing on the line because it was nice and sunny for a change. And so yeah, got lots and lots of washing out and just played with the kids for a little bit and mucked around. Had some breakfast. Yeah, then Tony came back without any DVD players because they were sold out. So we decided we'll keep looking and there'll be more sales after Christmas. We just want to get them for when we go to Dubbo. We're driving out to Dubbo Zoo just after Christmas. So we want to be able to have some entertainment in the car because my little girl does not travel very well. She gets really restless in the car and starts screaming and carrying on and she's very painful to travel with. And she has been like that since the day she was born. Yeah, she doesn't get car sick but she just hates getting being strapped down and in the car. Yeah, not a pleasant experience. So we need the DVD players for that. So we'll get that later on. So after that, Tony came home and played with the kids for a bit while I did a bit more housework. And then he took off and went to the golf driving range with my other little boy, Riley. And they went to have a practice hit. And I stayed home and my sister came down to play with Alyssa so that I could clean the bathrooms out and just do boring more washing. And then once that was all done, it was time for Alyssa to have some lunch. And I then put her to sleep, put her to bed, which was easy, just stick her in the cot, put the music on and walk out. And she just goes off to sleep. And I did ironing. So I did lots of ironing for about two hours. I had to get all the boys school shirts ironed for school and, you know, all the work stuff ironed. So I've been watching a TV show called Ringer with Sarah Michelle Geller and I've been taping it. So every time I iron, I just watch this TV show to try and catch up on all the episodes. And so that was good. Tony came back. So then they started watching the show with me and asking a million questions. So I had to keep stopping it to explain the show to them because it's a bit complicated. And once Alyssa woke up, she woke up in a bit of a crabby mood. So it was like that for the rest of the evening. So it wasn't much fun till we got them bathed and dinner and back in bed. And then Tony and I could just relax at about 730 and chill out. And we've been watching Vampire Diaries. So we're still catching up on season two on that. And that's about it. Not much else happened that day. It's pretty boring day. I did quarter past 10. Yeah, the twin sister channel 10, I think channel Sunday night, about 930. I just series linked it because we got the Foxtel. So I just series linked it and just let it tape them all. And then I just sort of go back and gradually watch them. Yeah, the Foxtel IQ. Yeah, I love it. Yeah, couldn't live without it. Now. It's the best of the show. Yeah, it's pretty good. It's a bit complicated because like she's sort of taken on her sister's identity. And she thinks her sister is actually dead that she'd killed herself. But but she left a wedding ring. So it was almost like he take my life because one of them was like a druggo and a loser. The other one was rich and had everything. And the one that was rich and had everything. So one that is supposedly killed herself and she's taken off to she's actually taken off to Paris to get away from her life basically. But bit more to the plan is a bit more to it. She's running from somebody or something. But she left a big mess behind that the sisters only just unravelling you know that she was the sister was cheating with her husband's best friend and you know there was lots of little things and apparently she was real nasty. Yeah, excellent. Yeah, yeah, no, she's really good in this. Yeah, good probably Yeah, get the DVD for still trying to work out what the whole like it's still unravelling a little bit at a time. So yeah, yeah. About 730. No, I had fried egg on toast. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, yes, no, yes. Which is one fried egg. No, no, love it. Yep. No, yeah, it's good, isn't it? Yeah. Yes. So in the freezer, not just call me bothered to get it out. Yeah, they know they fit onto the they have like Velcro straps, then they strap onto the back of the headrests. Yeah. And so like the kids can watch movies. Yeah, you get well, they usually come in a packet to say you don't have a choice. So then you have one on each headrest, but we've got three kids so so they can they all have to watch the same movie though. Can't watch different movies. It's got to be the same because the same movie you put the one DVD in but the wires connect so they have to watch the same thing. Yeah, yeah, it is because my little girl will only watch Dora the Explorer and don't want to watch Dora they want to watch Ben 10 or you know some dinosaur thing. Yeah, we did look at one that was sold out as well. There was one we saw that was an individual screen that you can also strap onto the back of the headrest as well. But they were just sold out. So we'll keep looking to have a think about it. No, I think it's about four hours. I think. Yeah, yeah. I don't enjoy it at all. No, just Tony. Yes. My sister came over about 1030 about 1030 11 o'clock something like that. She helps look after and play with my little girl. My other little boy next door. They live Yep. It is. It's good. She's my mom next door. My husband and my other little boy Riley went Yes, yep. That 130 for rain at our house. No, he got back in the rain though. He left at about 1030. Oh, I Yep. Did all that cleaned up rooms in the kitchen. We didn't actually eat any lunch just snack. Alyssa ate spaghetti for lunch. Now you know that's just the SPC tinned getty. Yeah, she likes that. So she had that. No, the ringer. No, Sarah Michelle Geller. Yeah, bones. Channel 10. Yes, I I cured on the Foxtel series linked so it automatically does it. I had spaghetti. It's been a big pasta weekend spaghetti with mushrooms and I did end up getting the bacon out of the freezer to do like a carbonara for dinner that night. Yeah. And we what now we watched Vampire Diaries now about 1015 no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment.