 Okay, when I first got up, I actually got to sleep in yesterday morning till almost 7 o'clock because I have three kids and they all happened to sleep in yesterday morning, which was amazing. Alyssa normally wakes up at about 5.30, 6 o'clock, so it was quite nice. So yeah, we all got moving and got ready for school and childcare and work and I dropped the kids off. We don't have breakfast or anything at home, we just all get dressed and get going. So the kids get dropped off to their grandparents' place and they get dropped to school later on that morning and then I drop Alyssa off at preschool and she has breakfast there, which makes life easier. And then we drive, and then I drive to work. So I'm usually in at work around eight o'clock, just before eight o'clock. And so I usually get my cup of tea and that's when I get to relax and get stuck into my work, which is nice. I only work part-time, so my three days at work are just, you know, my time to relax and, you know, use my brain and talk to other adults and socialise, go out for lunches. And the other two days are all about school and helping out there and spending time with my daughter and shopping and housework and everything else you need to catch up on. And anyway, the day consisted of looking after a lot of reviews from the eligibility program. So, you know, lots of talking to people on the phone and you get quite a few upset people because they didn't pass the eligibility program. So you have to talk them through their results and whether they want to put a review in and have anything remarked. And also I have a lot of files that have been remarked. So it's a matter of writing up reports for them and getting them off to my boss. But it feels like no reports are actually moving from my desk at the moment because there are just so many of them. And, you know, there's quite a few real tricky ones that have a few complaints that, you know, warrant to have investigated or checked out a bit further. So, yeah, it just slows it down. So keeping me very busy at the moment. So, yeah, I had lunch at around 1230, I think, just a salad, a boring salad with tuna. So, yeah, I think it's just an easy tin to throw in your bag for work. Okay, let me think. It's pretty much my whole day is taken up with just these reviews. So just sitting at my desk and trying to work through all the problems and issues that are going on with the reviews. So it's, I mean, it's nothing exciting at the moment. It's the same thing. And there's lots of files all over my desk and it's just dealing with them at the moment. So, yeah, four o'clock. Yeah, normally around four o'clock if I can, so I can get back to childcare by 4.30 and get the kids home and get dinner ready. So it's at a reasonable hour. So, yeah, okay. So I left here, picked up Alyssa from childcare. Then I went to collect the boys from their grandparents' house and they'd just finished their homework, which was great. So grabbed them all, got in the car, went home. I actually ducked into Woolies quickly to grab some stuff for dinner. And then we went home and I cooked a chicken and mushroom risotto. So I have this pressure cooker that cooks the risotto in seven minutes. So it's just a matter of throwing it all into the pan, browning, and then it browns it for you as well. So a quick brown, throw all the liquid in and then turn it on and it takes seven minutes. Yeah, it's the best risotto I've ever tasted. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. From Peters of Kensington, or you can get it at Victoria's Basement. Yeah. It's a slow cooker as well. So it does browning. So it browns your meat. It steams. It's a slow cooker. It's a pressure cooker. It's got a timer on it. It's the best thing I've ever used. And it washes so easily. Everything just comes off like it's easy. Nothing sticks to it. It's wonderful. Yeah. I think they're about $120 in the shops, but we bought it at the MasterChef Expo that was at Fox Studios. So we only paid about $80. So it's been worth every cent. And what else did you make? I did a roast pork in it just on the weekend. And that was, oh, that was absolutely beautiful. That was, so a big pork shoulder and the liquid was chicken stock, apricots, the little shallot onions. What else was it? I think it had some thyme in it. Can't remember. There was something else in it. Some other liquid. Can't remember. But then anyway, so the pork slow cooked. When that finished, I did that for about six hours, took that out and that was like falling apart. That was absolutely beautiful. And then you get the, then you turn the slow cooker part of it off and then put it onto brown and then reduce all the liquid down to make a thick gravy. And you just throw the apricots and some Dijon mustard in it and give it a stir. And then it just thickens up the gravy. So then you have a roast dinner. It was beautiful. Yeah. It was the easiest roast dinner I've ever done. The crackling in the oven was the hardest part. I can never get the crackling right. And so it's called? Yeah. It's called New Wave. And I don't know if it's called slow cooker. I think it's called a five in one cooker. Yeah. Yeah. And I do like the risotto, I do all different, different like ingredients in it. So like chicken and mushroom or pumpkin, asparagus, like whatever ingredients you like, you just throw in basically. Yeah. But I've done a few curries and the roast was the first time I've done that, but everybody loves that. So yeah, it is. Yeah. Yeah. I have done the curry in 20 minutes, like with the pressure cooker and that came out nice. The meat was really tender as well. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty good. Yes. Okay. After dinner, okay. The kids have a bath. Tony gets home from work by that point because he was a bit late last night and then clean up the kitchen. You know, Tony puts the kids to bed and then we sat down and we're trying to watch the vampire diaries season one. Cause one of the girls at work lent me the whole season. So we're madly trying to get through all those DVDs because there's about five DVDs to watch and they've all got about five, six episodes on them. So there's a lot of TV watching there. So we are madly watching vampire diaries at the moment. Well, I'm making him watch it and he's all right. Yeah. He's not too bad. He's watching it while playing the iPad. So he's, you know, he's getting into it. The more I put on, he keeps going, Oh, okay. Yeah. And he starts watching. Yeah. Yes. Yes. It was about probably quarter past 10. We have two cars. No, both registered in my husband's name. He's a bit older than me or not much, but just a couple of years older. I think the insurance is better. Um, and, um, do you drive one? Yes. Yes. Yeah. Pretty much. I drive the Holden cause it's bigger. It's got all the car seats in it and he'll drive the Hyundai XL to work. Yeah. So, um, when you drive it to work, I park in the parking station across the road, you know, the old, um, the, I can't think of the name of it, but you pay for that. Yeah. Pay for parking. Yeah. $13 a day. It's crazy. Yeah. Oh, I just, I run out of time. I'm a bit lazy. I just sort of want to hurry up and get to work. And then when I finish leave, I guess. Yeah. So park car, I've started working at eight. Yeah. Yeah. Probably about five to eight, 10 to eight. Is there somebody on that? No, no, it's just, um, meter parking. And there's just a meter thing. You go put your credit card in and get your ticket out and put your ticket on the, on the, um, dashboard of the car. Was there many cars? Uh, funny enough, I think it was fairly quiet yesterday. Yeah. Yeah. Usually where I park there's, um, most cars start to fill up that area cause I try to park up the top end here. So I just have to come down across the street. And, um, was, so was there a, no, not yesterday. Only on one side on the driver's side. Drive, drove straight in. Yeah. And we've received a report that vehicle registered. Okay. I would say they've got the wrong person. Um, is there any damage? No. How old? Uh, two years old. Is it ever? No. Do you remember saying blinker light? No, no. Do you remember? Yes. Yes. Okay. It was nosing. When you walked up to your car, did it blink a lot? I didn't look, but I hadn't noticed any glass on the ground or anything or anything smashed on the ground. You said that you had lunch? Uh, about, no, 1230. 1230. Yep. Tuna salad. Do you ever eat salmon? Yes. Love it. And you said that? That's right. Yes. Normally. Do you usually? Uh, toast or cereal or muffin? Do you ever? No, no. Do you like? No. No. Do you like peanut butter? Oh, strawberry jam. Do you like peanut butter? No, no. I love satay, but I don't like peanut butter on its own. Yeah. Yeah. Just doesn't go with me. Um, and so you said that you left work about five? About four o'clock. Yep. And you went to childcare grant? Yes. Yep. To Woolies. We went to. Yeah. Uh, sometimes. Yes. Uh, sometimes. Yes. Yes. Uh, no. And then you had, uh, beef? No, I had chicken and mushroom risotto. Yes. And then you watched the true blood series? Uh, the vampire diaries. yeah. Have you watched true blood? Yes. Did you enjoy that? Yes. Okay. All right. Okay. What is your? No. Comment. And what is your name? No. Comment. What is your? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Where were you last? No comment. Do you have a driver? No comment. Do you live in? No comment. No comment. No comment. Did you? What about your daughter? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.