 Yeah, so I got on, I was actually running really late, so I jumped in the car and I drove to Ashfield. I had a tender evaluation committee meeting at Ashfield with the Department of Community Services from 9.30 till 1.30. After that meeting concluded, I came back here to Parramatta. On the way, I stopped and got Hungry Jacks for lunch and I ate that in the car, spilled a bit of ketchup on my white top. It's a little bit frustrating. Came back to Parramatta and worked here in the office until about 5.30. Then after that, I went home and actually watched some television. Yes, I did drive home yesterday actually, yes. Oh, 6 o'clock. I watched Sons of Anarchy, which is a new show I'm just getting into, so I watched like three episodes of that. I had some soup for dinner and was in bed by about 11 o'clock. What during? On the couch. It was a wonton soup, so it was just some frozen wontons that I actually got from Ashfield, I think last time I was there, last Thursday. And yeah, just made that up with some broth and vegetables and things, bok choy and some mushrooms and away you go. What time did you have to get up? Oh, it was about 8 o'clock. Yeah, Sultana brand. I used to have toast. I'm on a bit of a diet now, so I'm trying to have Sultana brand in the mornings instead of toast. Yes. At the moment, I'm having passion fruit, like this passion fruit butter. It's very lovely. I got it from a market, but I don't think it's very good for me, hence why I have toast and I'm going with the Sultana brand in the mornings. No, no, no. I think my dad used to have that in the fridge, yeah. And they're like an American kind of Vegemite, yeah. No, I haven't tried those. Okay. I do like Vegemite. When I'm out of the passion fruit butter, I'll probably get back to the Vegemite and have Vegemite. Never, don't like. No. No. Drove to Ashfield. I left home about 8.30, got to Ashfield probably about quarter past nine actually, which wasn't too bad. I had a really good run, luckily enough. Straight down the M4, Parramatta Road, yep, down Liverpool Road and the Department of Community Services address is 4 Cavill Avenue, which is just off Liverpool Road. Yeah. One. Yes, it is. Yes. No, no. That'd be pretty crazy to ride along Liverpool Road. There's not really a spot for them. No, I don't recall seeing any cyclists. I recall seeing a bike, like you know how they lock it to like something on the side of the road and they'd actually detach the front wheel or the back wheel and I remember noticing anything at all. So they've padlocked it to a pole and then actually removed the wheel so no one could steal it. Yeah. Just no, no, no. No. Yeah. Oh, right. Right. No. No, I don't recall any incident. There was no incident that I was involved in. No, no. No, I don't think there are. I haven't noticed them if there are. I haven't seen them. Right. I don't believe that was me or my car. No, no, no. I didn't get out of the car. I just drove straight to Department of Community Services. No, I didn't. No. Did not speak to any cyclists yesterday. No. No. Yeah. Yes. Probably later than that. Probably about one o'clock. Yeah. One thirty. Hungry Jacks. Yeah. Yeah. Unfortunately. Yes. No, I left Ashfield at about one, one thirty. I had Hungry Jacks on the way back. I got to Parramatta at about two. Yeah. Yep. In my upstairs on level one. Yeah. Yeah. No, about five thirty. Yeah. No, I drove. Yeah. Just a bit before six. Yeah. Nice and wanton soup. Which is interesting because I did pull chicken out of the freezer on Sunday night to defrost it to cook it, but I haven't cooked it yet. So, I think I'm going to have to throw it out, which is a shame. Eight ways. Pulled it out. Oh, sorry. No, I'm lost. Pulled it out probably Tuesday night. Yeah. Yeah. No, I can't. I'm looking at it going, no, I can't eat that. Yes. Sons of anarchy. Yeah. Yeah. No, I probably went to bed at about eleven. So, I probably finished watching that ten thirty, eleven. Yeah. About eight. No, I normally get up about seven. Yeah. Sure. Sure. Red. Oh, no comment. Oh, sorry. I thought you meant answer it and then put no Further comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment. No comment.