 Oh, testing the memory. I think I got up about eight o'clock in the morning, had muesli for breakfast and worked most of the day. I wasn't working, I worked most of the day at home on bushfire brigade correspondence and documentation. Yeah, in the early part of the day there was an email that prompted me to look at our, the attendance statistics for our members in the brigade and so I had a meeting last night, a management committee meeting of the brigade and so I decided to go through the attendance statistics for some of our members that we haven't seen much of in recent times and that took me a while, it probably took me a couple of hours to do that. I phoned a few of our members to find out what their status was and if they were expecting to be back involved and used a spreadsheet to record some results and sent a couple of emails. I think I also did some work for our new building. We're building a new fire station next year and one of the things I did, although this was a bit later in the day, was came up with a modified sketch for our kitchen because we've been able to move a door in the external wall. The plans for the new station which allows us to improve the kitchen a bit. Around the middle of the day I had some sandwiches for lunch, actually I think it was yesterday morning early so going back to the start I think I ducked out in the car to buy some milk and bread at the start of the day and then in the evening I went to the brigade meeting at Wurrunga which started about seven. I got there a little bit late, took the dog with me and I was at the meeting until around about 9.30. I had some had some early dinner before I went to that actually, reheated some food that was in the fridge and had that and after returning from the meeting I had a couple of chores to do around the house. I got the garbage together and put that out because it was garbage night. I looked at some emails again and I sent an email that I send weekly to all the members of the brigade letting them know what's going on in the coming week and what's been happening and got to bed a bit after midnight I think. Yeah I had some leftover veggies and also some nachos mix which was leftover which I didn't have as nachos but had it on toast and after I got back from the meeting I had some ice cream. That would have been about 8.30, 9 o'clock in the morning. I went to for the bread to a bakery at Asquith and I got the milk at a milk bar takeaway slash cafe at Mount Cola which is just near where I live. It's about five minutes probably less probably about three, three to four minutes drive from home to bakery which I went to first and then a couple of minutes to get back to the to the milk bar on the way home and one minute from the milk bar home. Yeah I did I parked in a car park behind the shopping centre behind the strip shops. I think it was only about a third to a half full so there was plenty of vacant spots. Might have been a car on the right, I'm not certain. I don't think there was a car on the left. Yeah just the one. Yeah my wife does sometimes yeah. No she didn't drive it yesterday. I don't think it's possible that it was my car. I certainly wasn't aware of hitting any other car so certainly not something I'm aware of and if it was if it had occurred surely I'd be aware of it. No I didn't. Not that I remember. No I didn't. No I didn't. Ah that was a bakery. Oh sorry I did yes. That was after I left that car park. Yeah no full cream. Yeah that's yeah. No it wasn't that early. It um was probably about 12 12 30. No they weren't cheese and ham but you're partly right. Um I had one with cheese tomato and cucumber on it and I had another one with avocado sardines and tomato. Or what? One of them was a half sandwich. Yeah and tomato. Yeah tuna's good with avocado too. Pretty sure I had a banana before that. Yes haven't tried it for a long time but I think I did try it once and I didn't really like it. Stuck with edumite. I think I had it when I was a kid and I can't really remember whether I liked it or not. Yeah. No a little earlier. The meeting started at 7 but I was 15 minutes late. I left home at 7 actually or a minute or two passed. Got to the meeting at quarter past seven. Yeah that's right. No that was before I left I had that. Yeah. No a bit earlier I think it was um 12 to 12 30. Yeah I did. Yeah the fire station is between two ovals and one of them's a dog park. So after the meeting I just took her for a quick walk around the dog park. Yeah she was off lead the whole time. No no it was late-ish. It was probably about 9 30 by that stage and there was no one else there. Yeah yeah she was in around the fire station um sort of wandering in and out of the building. No no no she hasn't. Not that I know of. Uh she's just over nine now just turned nine recently. No. Well the great majority of people do. Only people who just don't like dogs uh don't like this dog. It's um it's a Labrador, black Labrador and uh it's got a pretty nice nature. It's only uh people who are scared of all dogs I think that have any fear of this dog. Okay. No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment