 Yeah, I got up I think around about 8 or 8.30 yesterday and had a shower, dressed and I spent most of the day working in my office at home. I'm doing some drawings for a new fire station for the Bushfire Brigade that I'm captain of and I needed to finish off a drawing that shows all the power points we want in the building. Actually for a while that meant I was researching projectors, data projectors, because I needed to work out exactly the location that we need a power point and a data cable for our data projector. So I was researching things on the internet, making some notes and eventually completed the drawing that shows where all our power points are. Once I had that done, well I guess I had lunch. I had lunch before I finished that. My wife was at home as well. She came home with some ham and we made some ham and salad rolls, had that for lunch and it was after lunch that I finished that power points drawing. Once I had that power points drawing finished, I needed to get some photocopies and a scan of that drawing and another drawing. So I think that was around about 4 o'clock, it would be before 4 o'clock. I headed up to Barowra from where I live at Mount Cola to the fire control centre where they've got a fancy colour photocopier and scanner. And my wife Vanessa came with me. She needed to get some paperwork from the shop that she runs. She runs a pet supplies shop at Barowra Heights. So she came with me. I dropped her off at Barowra Heights first and then went to the fire control centre at Cow Anne it is technically, just north of Barowra. And I made my photocopies and scans there and then I went back to the shop at Barowra Heights, picked up my wife Vanessa and drove back home. And then I did a lot more work on a written document that includes those drawings and some others as attachments which specifies all the alterations and additions to the standard rural fire service design that we want for this building. Worked on that until quite late in the evening and then eventually emailed it off to some people ready for a meeting late this afternoon. We had dinner at home. Vanessa and I made some chicken stir fry for dinner in the evening but I was working on that document before and after dinner. We did a little bit with Christmas presents as well. Vanessa did a little bit of Christmas shopping and then we talked a bit about Christmas presents and she did some wrapping. That was about it for my day yesterday. It was about 3am. No, she went out and did that. It was in the afternoon sometime I think it might have been. Oh no, it was after we came back from Browra and Cow Anne so that was probably about 5 o'clock something like that. She was after midnight. She was struggling to... One of her Christmas presents was a puzzle, a physical puzzle, a bit like a Rubik's Cube but different. It was a wooden thing. She took it out of the box and it fell apart and she couldn't get it back in the right shape to get it back in the box. She was frustrated with that for a couple of hours. She went to bed after midnight and it was about 12.30. I think they might be frustrated. It's not easy. That was roughly 5 o'clock. It might have been a little... It was about 5 o'clock that I got back from there but then I went straight to the house of a colleague of mine from the brigade who lives just a few blocks away to drop some drawings off to him. We chatted about some of the cables that we want to get installed in the new building. So actually getting home was probably 5.30, maybe a quarter to six after I'd been with him for a little while. That was probably around about 7.30, 8 o'clock. And yeah, I had to do a fair bit of updates and checking of the written document, which is about 27 pages, the written part. And then there were a number of annexures, drawings and information sheets that are attached and I had to get them in the right format and do some annotations to them and attach them all. And yeah, I needed to get that out for today, for a meeting late today. So that took me right through. I emailed that off probably after 2am I think this morning. Yeah, I was due to start at 7.15 but I slept in a little bit longer and started at 9 this morning. I don't know exactly. I think it was around about 8 o'clock, maybe a little after. No, I didn't. I'm trying to remember what I did have. I had cereal. I'm not sure exactly which type. No, ham and cheese and salad rolls. That was a bit before 4. Yeah, about 8 minutes perhaps. But I did go first to the shop at Barara Heights to drop off my wife. Oh, there's probably about 10 minutes in that as well. So it might have been from home to get to the fire control centre perhaps close to 20 minutes. Oh, about 5. No, that's the Pacific Highway. And from the shop I follow Barara Waters Road up to the Pacific Highway and then the highway up to the fire control centre. None that particularly stood in my mind. I wasn't particularly looking for cyclists. Yes. Yeah, my wife sometimes drives it. No. Yeah, then I went to the control centre for a while and then came back and picked her up. Yes. No, I didn't knock over a cyclist. No, not at all. None that I've noticed. No. Are you sure it's my car? What sort of car was it? No, it wasn't me. There must be some confusion there. That's right, yeah. No, no. There's one other place we stopped that was after I'd been to the fire control centre and then picked her up. We stopped at the post office at Barara and looked in there for some Christmas presents. No. Yeah. No, it's called Claws, Paws and More. Yeah, I dropped her off at home, roughly five, and that's only, give or take, about 15 minutes. And then I went, without actually getting out of the car, I went to my friend Andrew Hood's house. No, it was a chicken stir fry. Don't know if it was a Thai one, but it's some sort of packet mix that Vanessa had. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.