 Okay, I first got up yesterday. I did a load of washing, then I sorted out some lunches, and got my daughter ready for school, which took quite a bit of encouragement. And then my daughter was dropped off at school. I had my husband with me, had a day off, and we decided to go Christmas shopping. And I first entered the traffic into a local shopping centre. It was a teacher's strike, so there were kids everywhere in uniform, heaps of noise, very difficult to shop. One particular shop, a surf shop it was, was playing the music so loud I couldn't even remember what size shoes I needed to purchase. So that was another pleasant experience, but I worked through my shopping list. I'll be sorry you asked me this question. I worked through my shopping list and got a couple of things, and it was really all a bit too much. I just felt like a piece of carrot cake. Do you think I could find a piece of carrot cake? No, I couldn't. There were tarts, and there was cheesecake, and there was this and there was that, but no carrot cake. So with a bit of sushi and an attitude, off I went to another shopping centre, with my husband in tow behind me because he can't keep up with the pace. So off we went again to progress through the various lists, and then this other shopping centre is much more friendlier. It's sort of half outside, half inside, totally different atmosphere. And we started achieving, and the list started getting crossed off, and the car started filling up with goods. It was time for lunch, and we met lots of people we knew, so that added a few extra minutes onto the shopping experience. And then it was time to quickly get home, unpack and hide the presents before heading up to school to pick the daughter up from school as it was now 3.05. The day hasn't finished, so shall I keep going? Okay, so picked her up from school, found out the principal's moving after 13 years, so it was a bit of a ho-hum day, and then dropped the daughter off, tried to get her to eat healthy before she changed, and we got her things and headed off to Macquarie University for some literacy lessons, which is sending me broke, but that's okay. Off on the M2 we go, hurry, hurry, hurry, get there five minutes late, lots of traffic, truck in front was singing YMCA at her literacy lessons. I read the local papers, probably a week old, but I read them, thought about Christmas some more, then an hour later picked her up from her lessons, hit the M2 and the traffic, which was a lot worse than it normally was, slowly waddled home to find that dinner was still thinking about defrosting. On the sink no one had really thought about at quarter to seven dinner, so then had to whip together dinner while the dog barked and the neighbours pool got filled up with water. And my son has now come home from his week away with grandma and a friend, and he was tired and a tad cranky, and then we announced to the children that because we're going overseas next year, Christmas is going to be Apple product free, there'll be no laptops and iPods and iPhones this year, it's just going to be a very simple Christmas. By that stage I think I spent an hour getting the kids to get into bed, have their showers, they wanted to watch the great race something, and then it was time pretty much for me to pass out, but no, sat on the internet trying to find accommodation in Waikiki that actually sleeps four kids and not in two tiny little double beds. 11 o'clock I crashed into bed, that was my day, no, no, I left the wine out of it too, just wanted one glass but it progressed to just half a bottle of rosé. We had nachos, uh usually, but my husband was feeling a tad guilty that he got distracted and hadn't got the meat ready and so he was helping me, but the kids helped pack up the kitchen. Oh no, dog did not get a walk yesterday. Normally my husband's job with the dog. Uh yes we do, but we haven't lately because it's been really wet and muddy and it's a bit muddy when it gets wet. No, doesn't, no, never. Um just turned two, yes, oh yeah, it might have had a bit of a play bite, which is a little nip. Yeah, it's not, yeah, maybe a few months ago. My husband probably took him a few weeks ago. I haven't been there for a few months. 6.30, yes, sleeping. I should get up at 5.30 but um it becomes closer to 6.00. Washing. No, I didn't do any. Been dying his own shirt. No, he just signed his shirt to go shopping. He does. One, yes. We were at the shops as they were opening, 4.00, 9.00. No, went straight from school to the shop. Uh, more cars in it than usual but you've got a spot straight away, plenty of spots because it was so early. Yes, yeah. Uh, two, no, one's mine, one's his. Mine, yeah. I parked near a pole and there was a car on the left of me. No, I went in forward. Oh no, I reversed in. Hang on, let me just, yes, oi, um just check because I want to put all the shopping in the boot. Um, actually reversed in. Um, yes, yes, yes, I was smoking. Yes, I were. Yeah, no, yeah, no, I did not. Um, not to the rear of the car. My car got damaged at the police academy one day. Got a massive ding at the front when it was brand new. Um, other than that, no, there's no damage to it at the rear. It was a lady that was smoking. No, she hasn't, wasn't. I don't know. It was beside me. Yeah, no, no. A bit earlier than that. It was probably about 11.30 when we left that one. A salmon and avocado sushi roll actually. Uh, well, no, that was morning tea and I was looking for the carrot cake, which is non-existent. Um, lunch was a salmon. He had a salmon bagel and I had a salmon, um, sourdough bread sandwich. It's only about 10 minutes away, so it was about probably 10 to 12. Three. Yeah, no, only one. Yeah, uh, yes, I only have two. No, yes, yes, no Macquarie University. Yeah, it's at, um, probably call it Macquarie Park now, but it wouldn't call it Top Ride. Call it more, yeah, I think it's Macquarie Park, the suburb now, or Ride. Probably not Top Ride. Yeah. Seven. No, no, yeah, yes. Park even made the news, made the traffic report. It was so feral. No, just because it could be because it was Christmas. Into the uni. Yeah. Coming out. No, they can't ride on the M2 at the moment. No, no cyclists on the M2 at the moment at all. The road works, it's closed until 2012, midway through. Yeah, that's the one. No cat. No. No, not really. No, no. Uh, only when I'm sick. Well, I have Vegemite on some toast. Don't normally have Vegemite, no. Yes, rather Promite. Yes, much rather Promite. It's fine, it's not as salty or strong. No, not that I remember having Marmite, but no. Don't do Marmite. It's like a marmalade, is it? Yeah, I don't think. No, never done Marmite. I don't know whether I don't like it or have never had it. Who? Oh, really? Grandma. He went with a mate to his grandmother's. Four days? No, he finished school last Tuesday. Oh. That's what I thought. I thought it was Wednesday. There's a presentation night on Wednesday night, which means apparently that there's no school Wednesday, but as a new time mum to the school didn't realize this until a few days out. He says, mum, you know, I don't go to school. What do you mean? I've organized holidays for him. I work Wednesday. What do you mean you don't go to school Wednesday? So yes, no Apple laptop, no Apple products this Christmas. Apple free Christmas and some products, some books and things. No, I wanted to go to bed at about nine thirty. I ended up in bed at eleven after we were trying to find accommodation online. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment, no comment,