 Yep fantastic you're right it does seem to be opening itself doesn't it? One has to just get something to put behind it when it's uh yeah except for this bit yeah true yep yep okay yeah yeah no worries. The Sunday Kent okay from start to finish okay um I uh got up reasonably uh late got up about probably 8 30 or thereabouts and uh did a little bit of gardening um then organized with a couple of friends to to go fishing in the hills near Canberra which we did in the afternoon from about two o'clock yeah I mean what we did when we went fishing uh yeah we uh we we all met at around about two o'clock and then um headed off into the uh the Cotter Valley and um parked the cars and walked up the river trying to catch some fish. I ended up catching about seven little trout and my friends unfortunately didn't catch anything and then about uh probably about seven seven o'clock it was getting dark so we decided to pack up and head back to the back to the city. No we just all went our separate ways uh we all went to uh to our separate homes um my partner was coming back from interstate so I had to be home for when she arrived and uh the other guys were just eager to get home and get dinner get something to eat. On the Monday yeah Monday was a um a bit of a a sort of a car renovation type couple of days I um or a day rather I um had to go and buy a spark plug wrench because I couldn't get my uh spark plugs out of the car I had the wrong size spark plug wrench I uh had to buy some spanners because my my jeep has um imperial size nuts and bolts on it so I can't use metric on it so I wanted to get some of those. I actually the day before when we went fishing my mate told me that my brake lights weren't working so I spent probably a good hour trying to find out whether it was a fuse or whether it was a bulb or whether it was the brake light switch that was broken and in the end I found out it was a fuse that was broken uh then I found out I didn't have any fuses to suit so when I was out buying all these things for my car I also bought a whole bunch of fuses to make sure that next time if I blow a fuse I'll be able to find out what it was. So I put in the put in the new fuse and uh made sure the brake lights were working and all that kind of stuff and then uh that was more or less the end of my day then. Cooked dinner and had a slow night thereafter. What did I have for dinner that night? I think it was some lousy um vegetarian burgers. Yeah I had a couple of gin and tonics to take away the taste of the veggie burgers. Just a bit of reading because I didn't want to do much work over the weekend so I did a little bit of um not what you call light reading but reading for for work so you know little uh publications and that sort of thing that I spread out over the garden so what I wanted to do on Sunday was clean up all the leftover stuff that didn't quite go where I wanted it to go and uh put some water out so that the mulch would be nice and moist and moist and down. Mowed the lawn so cut the cut the old growth out from last year and uh uh did that which entailed of course a bit of servicing on the mower because it was the first time it was used this year so I got the mower going before I did a bit of mowing and that was about it because I didn't want to put too much time in the morning because I knew I was going fishing I wanted to get my stuff ready. Just three of us. Yeah that was in the Cotter River down at Canberra. The other two didn't. I ended up catching seven. Let them all go to fly fish so he's he's even having trouble casting so he um he was just there to learn basically and my other friend he's been fly fishing for quite some length of time but must have been using the wrong flies or fishing in the wrong spot or whatever but yeah I managed to get a few. Well we went in two cars because um my jeep will only take two people and one of the other guys his car will only take two people so we had to take two vehicles which is rather annoying because it was um it would have been better for us all to get into one. Yeah I drove my car and then one of the friends drove his car just needed a plug wrench so I could take him out. Yeah it was actually fortuitous that my friend came with me because he was following and he was able to say that my brake lights weren't working so I would never have known that my brakes weren't working until I probably got pulled over by the cops but do you remember how I said I went and got some mulch to put in my garden the day before? When I went to pick it up I borrowed a trailer from the garden supply place so I've got a suspicion that the trailer when you plug the the lighting loom in for the trailer I've got a feeling that might have fused my brake light fuse so I think that's what caused the problem so I assuming I've not been driving around my car with no brake lights for the last god knows how long I think it was just the day before that it blew. No no no I was lucky that I probably didn't get pulled over by the cops because had my friend not told me that my brake lights weren't working I would probably never have known because when you drive you can't tell that your your brake lights aren't working you can tell your headlights aren't working but there's no no warning light or anything like that and of course they only work when you put the foot on the brake so you can't sort of put your foot on the brake and then run around the back and see if they're still on because they they go off as soon as you take your foot off the brake. No no I'm just getting a spike plug wrench so I can service the car next time I need to need to check the plugs see if they're okay. Yeah I do a fair bit myself not everything not the tricky things but I do stuff that that I can do relatively confidently without breaking something which isn't too much but I feel confident I can take a spark plug out and make sure it's not not running too hot or running too cold or something like that. I let them go tend to keep too many fish I just keep every now and then a few but these guys I'll let go because the the Cotter rivers are pretty um what do you say it's it's a fish that's sort of sorry it's a river that's on on the edge ecologically speaking so I think if you take too many fish out there it'll probably gradually die off so I think putting the fish back in helps the river. No no no just I fished on the Sunday the the reading I did on Monday night um just after after dinner because I didn't want to do any any really heavy work type I just want to do a bit of bit of light work related reading so reading publications research publications that sort of thing is is a good way to sort of work but not work if you know what I mean. One was about um uh applications of mass spectrometry to DNA profiling that sounds like a good mouthful doesn't it so I read that um I read another article um in new ways to detect DNA using um fluorescent particles because we're starting to put together another linkage proposal um this this project you're in now is a linkage grant that's been won we're putting another proposal forward uh this round and it's to do with detecting biological agents so I wanted to read something around the topic find out some of the new ways that that bacteria are being detected and that was one of the articles that I read after the genotonics yeah yeah well they the the articles aren't particularly big their research articles are normally the order about five to ten pages and you know they include introduction and and references and all that kind of stuff which you can skim through most of the detail materials and methods you can skim through unless it's of particular relevance so the real guts of a lot of articles is you know only a page or two really so yeah it's it's relatively light reading now they were they were vegetarian burgers yeah now well they they're store-bought but I cooked them yeah just like a normal hamburger you throw them in a frying pan with a little bit of oil but it's just just a beef burger with no beef it's full of chickpeas and all those sort of things I try not to eat them too for all of them okay no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no No comment. So what's the purpose of the no comment questions?