 Ah yes, yes, I'm Charmaine. She's a sort of short and thick woman. Yeah, yeah. Tumour, I don't know. So she's a new one up at ABD. Seen bones I'm afraid. Didn't know it's been on that long actually. Are they a glass screen are they? God, holy moly. Dory, probably not. Yeah, but there was Tuesday, Wednesday, well Tuesday was flying to get over there. Thursday, Friday was work. So that was interesting. Yeah, weekend was good. I took off from Hobart on Friday afternoon. Headed off into the bush. Okay, as much detail as possible. Alright, Friday, Friday afternoon about four-ish I reckon. Picked up my hire car. Headed out to a place called Arthur's Lake. Stayed at a little place that I saw on the internet called a shack on Arthur's for obvious reasons because it was a shack on Arthur's Lake. So the owner of the place wasn't there so she left a key hidden for me to pick up and all that kind of stuff. So got into this shack really nice, dropped all my gear there. It was walking distance down this really steep four-wheel drive track to the lake so I got onto the lake at about 5.30 and started catching fish. So I caught a couple of fish, kept one for tea, then went back to the hut and cooked the fish up and had my dinner and a half a bottle of red wine and spent the rest of the weekend fishing. Saturday was good. Got up fairly early and went out to the lake and it started getting windy by about 11 o'clock. Missed a couple of fish in the morning, didn't actually land anything. Came back for lunch, the wind was getting stronger and stronger and stronger so decided to go out again later in the day and went up to another lake called Little Pine. Fished Little Pine Lagoon for, well, most of the afternoon until I just gave up because it was just getting so windy it was just ridiculous. So came back and finished off the bottle of red wine, had my tea, got up really really early on Sunday to try and beat the wind. Wind got even stronger by about 10 o'clock so I then gave up and went back to the shack and spent the rest of the day reading. Nearly to dusk and I went out again to try and do a bit of fishing at dusk but it was just so so windy. Yeah, I did. It was called Dancers with Trout. You remember the film Dancers with Wolves? Yeah, so it's a book along a similar line but just called Dancers with Trout by this this guy who calls himself a trout bum. He's a fella called John Geerak, an American fisherman and journalist and he's written a whole bunch of books, one called Trout Bum and this one, then there's another one called Sex, Death and Fly Fishing, a whole bunch of you know sort of off the wall books about about his sport and his life and philosophy. You see these books were left there. These are the things that the the shack owner had left there for people to read so I didn't take any reading along with me because I didn't expect to read. I expected to go fishing so because I've got Sex, Death and Fly Fishing by the same author I thought I'll read Dancers with Trout and I finished the whole book. That's how dull it was on Sunday so I just sat in front of the fire and with my red wine and finished this book off. It's only about 150 pages so it was an easy easy read to knock off but I'm glad she left that there because there was nothing on television. There was a whole bunch of DVDs which I tended to watch at night which were all about fishing too. It's obviously a fishing shack designed for fishermen for fly fishermen. Then Monday I was coming back I caught a flight on Monday in the afternoon from Hobart. The weather was brilliant. I had to pack up and leave though on the on the Monday morning so I didn't get any fishing done on the Monday and it was probably the best day of Friday, Saturday, Sunday so it's typical typical. The only good thing is I didn't get to fish. Well yeah that's right I would have loved to stay there on the Monday it would have been good and I probably could have stayed until midday because my flight wasn't until five so I could have got to the airport by about four o'clock. Yeah yeah well I had to drop the car off and all that kind of stuff so you know it would have been cutting it a bit fine. I'd have got a puncture or something like that I would have ended up missing my flight if I'd have stayed there fishing and then my gear would have been wet and stuff I'd have to pack up all my waders wet and everything so I thought nah give up. I had a long leisurely breakfast and a extra cup of coffee and just loaf around for a bit instead of going fishing. Would have been the best day but never mind. Oh jeez I reckon it would have been oh no it was probably about nine o'clock yeah because no direct flights you see. The flight from Hobart left virtually bang on five then you drop into Sydney and it was I think about a 6.45 land in Sydney. We got there on time the flight out was going to be eight o'clock eight to Canberra and I landed and went up to the Virgin Lounge to get get some dinner and the guy said beyond the count oh your flight's been delayed by 50 minutes so it was virtually delayed until nine o'clock and I said oh jeez you know have you got an earlier flight so he was able to get me onto a 7.30 flight but that was that was you know late leaving exactly because um you know what time will I get there if I got there at 6.45 I could probably have driven from from Sydney airport to Canberra. Okay so that would have been yeah probably about a bit after nine 9.30 something like that. Yeah that's right except I would have got lost and then I would have been home at midnight or something. I would have got lost in Sydney though. Yeah about that. When I picked my car up anyway yeah it was a um what the hell was it a Hyundai Elantra well it it had 300 kilometers no 30 kilometers on the clock virtually brand new so it was it was not a bad car but it was about that far off the ground ground clearance and a really big sort of you know front that sticks out really low so it was a real handful to drive it on rough tracks you had to be really careful not to bang all the yeah yeah oh no no there was no no real trees it was a gravel road but a rough gravel road so you know potholes and that kind of stuff but no no trees fortunately well I did anyway just in case because I've been caught in Tasmania once before I hired a car from Europe car to go on a fishing trip and I don't know whether I damaged the car or not but I do remember I went off the road onto a just a little track to park I didn't even drive very far but you know when you go through like a spoon drain a lot of cars bottom out sometimes and just went as I went over the spoon drain and I looked at it and I couldn't see any damage to it whatsoever and I got back to the airport it was an airport drop-off and we're done with you've been to Hobart airport but it's a small port it's like Canberra you know it's a tiny airport and you just deposit your car in a big car park there was nobody there you know because most places you actually go back and they take your receipt and look at the car and all this kind of stuff so I put my car in this car park and walked back to give them the paperwork and I was sitting in the in the airport waiting for the flight to leave I got a phone call from the Europe car people saying oh your your car's got this damage on it and she said you know if you still at the airport come back and I'll show you the photographs and all this kind of stuff they took photographs and I said geez you know I don't remember doing this kind of damage because she was talking about some significant damage to the sill and all this kind of stuff is you know we're gonna have to charge you for this so she took 1600 bucks and said what we normally do is we'll take this money and what it costs to fix up we'll then give you a refund and they sure enough did give me a refund and I thought oh okay fair enough but I've got travel insurance on my credit card okay so my credit card says if you um you know have any damage or accidents or loss overseas or in Australia we'll pay so it's just like a regular travel insurance thing but you don't actually pay for it it's just part of the the bonus of having this gold card this gold visa card so I thought fair enough and I've actually used it once before and it worked fine but the fine print says that before you go on holiday you must spend at least two hundred dollars on your credit card for things like flights or accommodation kind of stuff and it turns out that when I paid for the accommodation they actually paid for it over the weekend instead of when I booked it which was like months before so all my transactions actually took place when I was on holiday rather than before so they said oh sorry your travel insurance isn't covering anything because there was no pre-spending on your credit card before you departed well that they took 1600 bucks but the repairs were only like 200 or something still had to pay 200 bucks which really irritated me so if you have the same gold card thing and you've got a travel insurance thingy on it just read the fine print because they're good under certain circumstances but sometimes you can get trapped so I always find out if I've actually paid for accommodation and it's definitely been taken out of my credit card before I go and it's over 200 bucks then fine I'm covered but if that doesn't happen I'll always take out insurance for me yeah bought the car for that sort of money because it was just a bloody Hyundai gets or something like that you know bought the car for that amount of money is it a renting it she said yeah give me the car I'll take it home oh if if I've got a work trip that's um convenient like this one finished on Friday so it was great for the weekend I could just stay for the weekend but if I go over for a day or something like that and it's like a Monday or Tuesday and then you know all the rest of the week is actually work time I don't don't do it then yeah yeah yeah I'm fishing rod breaks down into something that's about uh what is that probably a meter and a half long so that can actually fit inside my suitcase it fits inside an aluminum tube so yeah no worries my weight does roll up into a bundle about that big yeah I uh I took food for for three nights yeah I thought I might might run out of food by the time Sunday came so I I kept one of the smaller fish and had him with um with a small amount of the food I brought just tied me over so it meant I had two two good meals then for Saturday night and Sunday night yeah you bet yeah true true nah nah I took red because I wanted to cook with it as well because I made up a um have you heard of agnolotti it's like like ravioli pasta stuffed with ricotta and spinach so I had that with a red sauce and with a red sauce you can slosh some red wine into it as well so it worked very well with that yeah yeah yeah yeah I stopped at a shop on the way out to the lake bought a few things bought a roast chicken that I was able to eat for the next three days and got this agnolotti and the red wine and cheese bit of fruit one to cook with and one to drink and then any remainders I of the cooking wine I was able to drink too no no good Shiraz I got a good pinot noir and a good Shiraz well goodish goodish Shiraz oh really yeah well this this was you might remember Galway Hermitage Galway Shiraz by Yolamba so that's it's good to drink and it's good to cook with you don't want it too too rough to cook with otherwise it makes your food taste pretty shabby well I got with fly fishing you can tell when a fish has a go at your fly but misses it and I had a couple of those so that I could have almost caught fish but I didn't catch anything at all that day totally skunked no fish nah nah I could have done I was thinking about that but particularly on the Sunday the waves on the lake were big you wouldn't want to be out on a boat probably quite dangerous no no no walking around the shore that's what the waders are for you see you can walk out into the water no no no with with waders you can you can wade out to about here which is depending on how steep the bank is you can actually wade out quite a way one of the lakes I went fishing to Little Pine you could almost walk all the way across it because it was sort of thigh deep for a couple of hundred meters out well you try to represent flies and they're artificial they're made of little bits of fur and little bits of feather and all this kind of stuff that's the good thing about fly fishing you don't have to bother getting bait you know you have lots of little little boxes of these things and you can yeah yeah and you can represent little moths and you know like blow flies and little midges and things that live under the water like yabbies and all that kind of stuff you can represent those as well yeah you bet you bet yeah that's a good way of fishing you don't have to bother messing around with bait and stuff you can do yeah all mud eyes you find mud eyes as well like really all right no come no comment no come no come no come no come no come no come no come no come no come no come no come no come no come no come no come no come no come no come no come It is weird.