 start to finish okay long weekend. Started on Saturday, woke up about nine o'clock, I went into Dixon, had a cup of coffee and a bacon and egg roll for breakfast, I then went home via the hardware store, bought some screws for a project I'm working on, went home, procrastinated, started the project, had some lunch and then went downstairs into the garage and started working on the project, which is basically cutting, measuring timber and putting some things together. Saturday afternoon I went for a drive out to Gunning, which is about 45 minutes away from Canberra, and they had a fireworks festival out there and I was playing with a group of other musicians, it's part of the entertainment out there, stayed there for about an hour and a half, drove home for the evening, what happened Saturday night, can't remember Saturday night, I think I stayed at home. Sunday, very much like Saturday, got up, went to the hardware store again to buy something I'd forgotten on Saturday, some different size screws, and then came home and pretty much worked all day in the garage. Oh that's right, I also had to buy, get a masonry drill bit and I had to drill some holes in some pots at home, so did that as well on Sunday. Sunday night, again, quiet night home, had a bottle of wine and some cheese for dinner, and then on Monday, which was yesterday, back to the hardware store again, bought some furniture oil, what else happened yesterday? You know, I can't remember exactly what happened, but it was along the same lines, I was working on this project with the timber and painting a few coats, went out for a walk up Mount Majura and then came home in the evening and had a couple of drinks and that was about it. About nine o'clock, no it was Dixon, had a cup of coffee and a bacon and egg roll, that was at home. No, I went from Dixon via the hardware store, then went home. I don't remember, no, no, that's not right. I'm building a bit of furniture for outside in the courtyard, it's a box to store a barbecue and a cooktop. Which night was that? Saturday night, I can't remember exactly. No, I went and played for the fireworks festival, there's a festival out at Gunning, fireworks industry festival, and I was out there as part of that festival. Actually, I did buy a set of bolts, I think I said I bought a set of screws, but I actually did buy some bolts on Saturday. On Sunday I bought some more screws. On Sunday, yes it was, that's right, yeah, I bought that on, was that Saturday or Sunday? Yeah, Sunday I bought the masonry, not all on the same day, no, but over over the weekend yeah. Yeah on- was that Saturday or Sunday? Yeah, that's, that's a dinner. Yep, that night, it's good dinner! French cheese. Okay- no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Not coming, not coming, not coming, okay?