 No. I'll make something up though. Cool. Okay, exactly what you did on the way back. Well, um, I can't remember most of it. Yeah, you did. Okay, well Saturday morning I woke up and had breakfast. I had apple cinnamon muesli with vanilla yogurt, which was very nice. I read the paper online, the age and then the Canberra Times. After that I really can't remember. Just the usual, politics and crap. After that I just surfed the internet a bit. I was looking up stupid, damn you autocorrect sites, which make me laugh way too much. No, I hate it, but this site is absolutely hilarious. Yep, it's good. And then after that, well I was going on a cheese tasting tour. So, it started about midday, so I went to the airport and we got on a plane. It was like the new Virgin plane. It was pretty cool, but they made you put on these really weird suits, which are really heavy. And then we went off and we were going to the moon, which is awesome, because the moon is made of cheese. And so they have all these different types of cheese on the moon that you can taste. What are you eating? The moon. Yep. Because there's different types of cheese on the moon. Sure. So we got off the moon, yeah they have this big biodome up there, so it's like you can breathe properly and all that. But yeah, you just go around and pick up stuff to eat, like all the different cheese. What sort of cheese? Well, it wasn't so much the soft cheese, it was more the hard cheeses. So, not quite the cheddars, but more like, mmm, eat em. Yeah, probably a bit of blue cheese, but yeah, no camembert or brie. I actually thought there'd be more variety up there, but no. They had good crackers, which was good, makes all the difference. And they provided tomatoes, that was good too. So yeah, and then we spent probably about three hours up there, and they have like bands playing to entertain you. I think they had powder finger, which was pretty awesome, and also midnight oil. So that was exciting. And then we came back and probably got back to Canberra at about seven o'clock at night, so it was a pretty long day. But I was pretty full, I ate a lot of cheese. So yeah, went home after that, didn't really need to eat dinner because I ate so much cheese. No, well actually they probably did, but I don't drink wine, so I just stuck with the soft drink. And that night, I can't even remember what I did. I think I was so stuffed from the cheese eating. Yeah, I'm old and boring. Yeah, pretty much. I just cannot remember what I did. I couldn't even tell you if I watched TV, because I can't remember if I watched it. But I know on Sunday, I woke up and had the same thing for breakfast, the apple cinnamon muesli with vanilla yogurt. It's awesome. I read the paper online, they had a lot of stuff about the sex trade, like illegal sex trade happening in Melbourne and Sydney at the moment. I do remember reading a really horrible article about that. And then I decided to go to Floriade, because it was the last day, and it was pretty sunny. So I went to Floriade, it's a whole lot of flowers, flower beds, but they also have displays on different gardening techniques. They had cooking displays and shops. I watched one, they were making some sort of apple pie, but he was making his own puff pastry, which looks way too hard and requires way too much butter. I don't think I'll eat puff pastry again. But it requires a lot of rolling and folding, and then more rolling and then more folding. So yeah, that was quite enlightening. What else is there? Floriade. Well, lots of flowers. They have the beds planted in designs, but because it was the last day and it's been going for a month, the designs were not quite so visible anymore. Because some flowers are really tall and some were dead and some were really short. So I think next year I'll go earlier so I can see the designs properly. It's just a nice walk around Commonwealth Park, which is down near the lake. I bought a knife sharpener, which is very exciting because I was going to get my mum to come up to Canberra to sharpen my knives. I can't do it. I'm so going to cut off something if I try to sharpen a knife. I know, but I'm pretty unco. Anyway, this thing's awesome. You just slide the knife through it, it sharpens it. Yeah, it's pretty cool. I'm pretty happy about that. That's about all I bought. I bought an ice cream, which is awesome. Gay time, can't beat that. It was pretty sunny. I found out I had got a bit sunburnt, so I probably should have worn a hat. But afterwards I thought, well, I'll leave the floriade bit and go walk around Commonwealth Park. I've actually never been to Commonwealth Park, even though I've lived in Canberra for nine months. I was walking down towards Commonwealth Avenue and all of a sudden there's all these screams and shouts. I've looked towards the road and there's this person falling off the front of a car. They had just been hit by a car going quite fast. I ran down, they seemed to have it under control and the woman that had been hit was screaming, so I'm guessing that she was alive. I stayed there until the police got there, which was only about two minutes. I thought, well, I didn't actually see the accident, so I don't need to stay here. But yeah, it was quite disturbing. I left and just walked around the lake for a bit. Then I went home and I decided I was going to make gingerbread, because I love gingerbread. I cooked the gingerbread and I burnt a little bit, because I love burnt gingerbread even more than gingerbread. And then I just kind of read, hung around, read the junk mail, read the Canberra magazine. Yeah, you can find out what's on special, especially at the supermarket. Okay, top work, yeah. Yeah, went to the moon. Okay, so for cereal. Ah, yes, it was muesli. I don't know. What is the definition of cereal? Okay, well, I guess I didn't eat cereal, I ate muesli. No, no, you buy it in packets. No, that's porridge. Okay. I wouldn't know, and what was it? Yes, apple cinnamon flavoured. No, vanilla yoghurt. Awesome mix. And you said all you do is... Well, not all morning, but I did read the paper online. I read the politics, I'm not really into it. Yes, damn you autocorrect. It's a very good website. No. Yeah, it keeps changing random words. But none of them are as funny as the damn you autocorrect site, because they put in really rude words or inappropriate words. Mine just puts in other words. You should, it's really funny. And you said you went to the moon. I did, yes. And for a dessert, you said you ate... Mostly hard cheeses, yes. No, they're soft cheeses. No, although blue cheese is kind of in between. Well, it's the moon. You can't really have too many soft cheeses, otherwise you'd fall through all the time. I may have been serving wine, but I didn't drink any wine. I only had soft drink. And tomatoes. And crackers. Sorry. So it was crackers and you could put cheese and tomatoes on top. No, they were really good crackers. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. And the next day you said you went to... Yeah, Floriade. Well, they weren't unattractive. They were just, you know, in states of dying and not quite as pretty as I'm sure they once were. Well, some were dead and some were curling up. Well, some were. I guess it has been going for a month, so some are at the end of their cycle and some are still going strong. Yeah. And then you said that that day you bought some... Yes. Yeah. Some sort of apple pie with homemade puff pastry. Well, he must be an extraordinaire. I found it quite difficult. It involves a lot of time and patience. No, it went for an hour. Oh, no, he was cooking the apples as well and putting it all together and talking about how you do it. And he was French, so he had a good accent. And you said... I didn't take my mum, but I did look at a knife sharpener. I was there by myself. I did. So you... Well, no, I don't have to anymore. I was going to before I bought the knife sharpener. And then you got a little... I did, yes. No, I forgot. Well, it's early October. I'll remember from now on. Fair enough. Yeah, I did. You said you... Yeah, I didn't burn it, like, completely. I just made the bottoms a little bit burnt. It tastes better. I do, yeah. Slightly burnt gingerbread. OK, I'm just going to uproar. Yeah. OK, enjoy eating. OK. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. comment.