 Well, on Saturday morning I got up pretty early because I had a flight down to Melbourne. It's about 8 o'clock. So I got down to Melbourne about 9.30. And we went out, my mum picked me up and we went out for a late breakfast with my sister and the kids. And the kids are just ridiculous. Yes, she's older than me. So one of them is 6 months old and she's going through a screaming stage which is really high pitched. The other one is 18 months old and he's into throwing food which is just wonderful when you're out at a restaurant. Though I don't think I'm ever going to have kids after this experience. So yeah, that lasted until about midday. And then I went to my parents' house and had a bit of a rest because I was really tired. You know, I had to get up pretty early. And then I went out to a barbecue with some friends about 3 o'clock. And it was pretty warm in Melbourne so we jumped in the pool. It was kind of fun playing around and drinking a lot. And then we decided about 7 o'clock that we would go out and drink some more at the pub. So we went to the pub. And then we were on Sydney Road so we decided let's just keep going up the road. So we just went from bar to pub to bar to pub. Yeah, pretty much. I'm way too old for this shit. No, if you said you're 22 I'm not two years older than you. Oh yeah. Anyway, next thing I know it's like 4 o'clock in the morning. I don't even remember half the night. But my shoes were filthy and I have bruises all up my legs. Really? Yes. Don't you ever get random bruises when you're drunk? Go on, it's you. Anyway, I actually had an early flight back to Canberra at about 8.30 in the morning. I really shouldn't have tried to sleep. I should have just stayed up and kept going. But I went back to a friend's place and had about 2 hours sleep. And then really struggled to get up. Dude, I am an old lady. Anyway, so I caught the flight back to Canberra. I was pretty hungover and I don't fly well so I was lucky I didn't throw up. And you don't fly well. Yeah, and I don't fly well. Yeah, I get very airsick. It's not the one hour, it's the going up and coming down. No, it's the same as in the other descent. When you get airsick, it doesn't matter how long you're in the air for, it's just the fact you're in the air. Anyway, I was lucky I didn't throw up. So I got back to Canberra and got home and had a bit of a sleep. Thank goodness. About 3 hours. And then I got up and went to the shops because I had to buy groceries because I never have any food. And I hate grocery shopping with a passion. Just the people in supermarkets are crazy. I don't know. It's where all the crazy people go to hang out on a Sunday afternoon. I wasn't that hungover but I was so good up by now. They're just so pushy and rude. It's like a free-for-all in the supermarkets these days. And then I went home and I made more gingerbread. Because I ate last week's batch and I did burn some again, just for myself. And then I decided I was also going to make a Toblerone cheesecake. So it tasted really good. It's the first time I've ever made a cheesecake. Well, I wasn't until I tried the Toblerone cheesecake. And now I'm like, cheesecake is the best. What did I have for dinner? I had nachos. I made nachos for dinner. And then had Toblerone cheesecake. And then I ended up going to bed pretty early. Well, I had to get up and come to work on Monday. Well, I had to get up and come to work on Monday. I had to get up and come to work on Monday. I had to get up and come to work on Monday. I had to get up and come to work on Monday. Well, that's it. That's the end of my weekend. On Monday I came to work. Well, I did sleep in a bit on Monday. Which is my karma. Because then my car wouldn't start. Because then my car wouldn't start. Last week was it Friday? No, I flew down to Melbourne on Saturday morning. No, I flew down to Melbourne on Saturday morning. Well, 8.30, 8 o'clock is pretty early for me. Well, yeah, but it was a Saturday. If I can, yes. Was it a restaurant, cafe thing? Yeah. Oh, they're good kids. They're just going through phases. Yeah, they're phases. Well, no. I don't enjoy kids screaming and throwing food at me. Oh, I tried and then my sister yelled at me. Well, at least she said I was encouraging them. Well, just at Jackson, yeah. At Jackson, the 18 month old. No, I was just three food at Jackson. No, I was just three food at Jackson. Yeah. Because when you're in a restaurant, kids throwing food is kind of embarrassing. Because when you're in a restaurant, kids throwing food is kind of embarrassing. I was throwing food at the kid. No, just had to clean it up. I didn't throw heaps of food. I didn't scream at the kids, no. Well, yeah, pretty much. From three o'clock onwards. Yeah. No, well, the barbecue doesn't imply food. Barbecued. There was food involved. Yeah, I would not have made it out at seven o'clock. No. Yeah, well, I remember three, possibly, I do remember the last one, but there may have been some in between. I don't really remember. No. No? That sounds really sweet. I'm more into vodka lemonade. Fairy floss, not sweet. Okay. Well, cocktails are really expensive as well. Yeah, but they're in LA. We all know what guys in LA are like. Okay. I don't even know what time it was. I don't even know what time it was. Well, I know we were in the pub on the corner of Dawson Street and Sydney Road. And there was karaoke. But, yeah, after that, no. I can't sing. And even when I'm drunk, I know I can't sing. Well, I can't. But I'm pretty sure someone would have told me if I'd done karaoke. Well, no. Especially other people. They can't sing either. And you reckon you woke up? No, I was at a friend's place. They live in the city. I was on the couch. Well, just my legs, yeah. No, they're quite small ones. It's like I've been kicked. Well, who gets drunk? Obviously. Oh, not that wild. You just always end up with random bruises when you go drinking. You don't know what they're from. You know, walking into things, people kicking you. I tend to walk into things when I'm not hammered. Really? Yeah. I'm pretty clumsy. Right. And this is all been recorded. Okay. And then you said you flew home today and... I'm off the next day. Yes. Well, I didn't throw up. I almost threw up. But I got home, had a sleep, went shopping and then made gingerbread. No, no. I only burnt them a little bit because I like them burnt. No, it doesn't have to be cooked. No, it's just the base of chocolate ripple biscuits and almond meal and butter. And then it's cream cheese, cream, melted Toblerone and a bit of sugar. And then you put it in a pan and set it in the fridge. Dude, you've got to try it. Yeah. Okay. No comment. Thank you very much for that. No comment. Thank you very much for that. That's all right.