 Oh my god, can we talk about China again? That was easy. Um, when was a busy day in China? See, it's really hard. Uh, a month. Just a month? Yeah. The Terracotta Warriors, we went to Shanghai. And in Shanghai, we were there for a couple, we were there for pretty much a day, maybe a day and a half, by the time you take into traveling time the first day, we're there in Shanghai, really. Um, and yeah, Shanghai was, it was not bad. Um, uh, we went to an acrobat show, actually, which was really good. Um, yeah, very clever. Oh yeah, yeah, they were doing all the, all the normal tricks that you'd see. Um, they had a bicycle thing, where they had like 10 girls on a bicycle. Um, there was, oh, the, with the ropes, um, where there's usually the guy and the girl on the ropes, or usually like the material. Um, and, uh, they did the bamboo thing, where usually the men crawl up the bamboo swan and they drop from one to the other. Um, yeah, which was, it was actually really good. Um, I really enjoyed that. Um, we walked along the, um, the esplanade pretty much along the harbor. Um, so yeah, and it really nice weather in Shanghai, actually, um, the smog was, wasn't too bad. We had worse, um, as far as smog goes in Xi'an than in, um, than in Shanghai. And then after Shanghai, we left to go to this little water village, um, uh, Shitan. Yeah. Uh, and we were there for pretty much, uh, half a day, really, like half a day and the next morning. And, um, so a lot of us are really a bit grumpy to even go there, cause we didn't really seem like we're going to be going there very long. Well, actually, yeah, when we got there, it was actually, I was really glad that the tour group took us there because, um, it was very relaxed and the water, um, just along the water. And so it was really pretty, whereas, um, uh, the boats and things. Uh, so we went for a quick little boat ride along the harbor on, yeah, along the waterways. Um, yeah. So I was actually really glad that we went there. After there, we went to, um, we went back to Shanghai, but just as a connection from Shanghai, we took a 24 hour train to, um, another little place called Yongshu. Um, so yeah, the 24 hour train was, um, a bit hard to take. Uh, yeah, it was exhausting being in the same place for a day. Um, yeah. And then once we got, actually got to Yongshu, it was a, uh, a one hour bus ride get to our next place. So we actually, our train station got to Esquilán, but from Golan as an hour to get to our actual place we were staying. So yeah, it really did take it out of us. Uh, yeah, I had a good book. So yeah, the only way to, um, yeah, get around it. Um, yeah. And I wasn't very well actually. So it was not a very good trip. I was on medication for malaria and I think the malaria, like, um, made me really sensitive to travel sickness. So yeah, they, the trains were really hard to take. Um, yeah, but once we got to Yongshu, it was definitely worth it cause it was really nice. Um, Yongshu was similar. It was also like along the water, but it was, um, a little larger than Xitán. So, um, there was more things to do. And, um, to some extent it was a little more touristy, which I don't really like touristy towns, but it was like a nice touristy in the sense that, um, you know, it would accommodate for, um, like, you know, visitors a little more than the Xitán town did. Um, um, well, we, we went for another boat ride. Um, this one in like the little raft things that I made from bamboo. And, um, there's basically a chair in the middle of a, of a raft, uh, and it's just steered by one of the locals. Uh, yeah, that was like a really long trip actually. It was, um, like an hour pretty much on this raft, but it was pretty. And we saw, um, water buffalo and things in the, in the water hanging about. So yeah, it was good. Yes. No, no. We saw the acrobat show in Shanghai. Yeah, it was really good. Um, there was a juggling act, but there was more than that. There were other acts as well. Um, there was a, a bike. Oh, there was a single bike with a lot of girls that got basically on it. Yeah, a bicycle. Yeah, pretty much. Um, but they made a real show out of getting on the bike and things like that and the things that they would do. So there was a, there was a bike act as well, but there was no tightrope. No. Yeah. Yeah. Um, there were, I think there were about three, um, bamboo things. And I think in the end about nine of the, of the men crawled up it. So yeah, it was good. Yeah. With the hands and feet and crawl up it and, um, hang off it like, you know, um, just with their body and yeah. No, or not that I saw, not in the performance that I saw. No, no, but we did see some mistakes in the performance, um, at one point. Oh, that's right. There was a man juggling a pot and, um, trying to land the pot on his head, but he dropped it. It didn't smash though, but he just didn't get it on his head. Yeah, he was throwing it over and he was catching it on his head, but he missed it. And so, yeah, it didn't quite land how he wanted. No, it didn't. So yeah, it meant to be ceramic. So, oh, it didn't land on the ground. What it did was it was meant to land on the, the lip of the pot, but it kept falling off so that it'd land on the, on the crown of his head instead of, oh no, it was one large, very large ceramic pot. It was about probably 37, seven meters diameter. It was a large. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I thought so too, but it turns out we must've been there on a good day because it wasn't too bad at all. Um, no, it wasn't a blue sky. No, it was still a bit hazy, but it wasn't to the extent that you couldn't see the buildings or anything. Um, it was to some extent, but it wasn't too bad. Yeah, it was worth. No, no, it was pretty much less than a day. Yeah, I did. Yeah. So, um, one of the locals, it was a local boat. They were, yeah, pretty much, I think. Yeah. Oh no, they're building. But right on a link against the bank. It was almost like Venice, to be honest. It made me feel like I was in Venice, but China. Chinese Venice. Yeah. It was a really long train trip. No, it was very, um, compact. There were six bags, six bunks to a compartment. And that's pretty much where you could stay for 24 hours. Yeah, pretty much. I had packed some food, but if you wanted to, you could buy food. There were some people coming by with some food if you wanted to buy it, but I just had to. Yeah. Yeah, I didn't feel well at all. No, no, but I didn't feel well. Yes. I saw a few in the water. Yeah. I'd say they're farming. Yeah, they were. No, they were just sort of playing in the water. Yeah. So, I don't know, some time off, I guess. Although, they didn't seem to be. No, no, no, no. Floating past them in the boat. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.