 Okay. When? I know, but as I say, I just don't really have much time. Okay then. Um, my weekend. I guess I've been thinking about my weekend outside. Weekend. Um, okay so on Friday, I acted late on Friday. And, well at one point I was meant to go out to Sydney, but because I worked late I just couldn't really be bothered to do the drive up, so I um ended up staying in Canberra. Um, but on Saturday morning, change my mind, I went out to Sydney. So I left about eight o'clock, I got there, well no I woke up about eight, so I left about nine and I got there at about twelve. Yeah, it takes about three and a half hours to go to the part of Sydney that I live in. Um, and no Cronulla area. Yeah, it is for sure. Um, yeah, so that's where my parents live, so I went up to, went up to Sydney and um, yeah, so I went up there before my sister just finished up her job and um, she wasn't particularly happy about it, so I went up there just to, you know, say hello and console her on her her job that had just finished up. Um, yeah, so we ended up going shopping, um, just the local shopping mall. Um, not, nothing particular. Um, oh no, actually we did end up, it's um, my other, our other sister and our mum's birthday this week, so looking for, for them. Um, yeah, we ended up getting a um, a wee for our sister who lives down in Melbourne, so uh, my sister, my older sister, she's older than me and couldn't find anything for mum, so we did have to get her a bunch of flour or something because uh, yeah, we didn't find anything for her, which is particularly hard to buy for her. Um, and yeah, and then on the Saturday night, I ended up going over to a friend's place, so, but they live out west, so it takes two hours to get there, so I didn't get there until quite late. Um, yeah, just said hello basically, um, I had dinner and left her around 11, I guess, and then on Sunday, um, I didn't really do too much of real interest, um, yeah, oh, we went down to Cronulla, um, the beach just to walk along the Esplanade and um, yeah, look around, um, and then um, after lunch, I basically left to come back to Canberra. That was my weekend, is that enough information? Sorry. No, I did, but I don't know what I want to say. No, uh, I don't want to get myself into this. So, yeah, I came back to Canberra and I met up with um, a couple of friends, went out for dinner, um, at a local restaurant. No, and then uh, we put a couple of bets on at the races. No, that's not, uh, yeah, all of them, yeah, only, there were only small bet, but um, I won off the mall. See, China was so much easier than this, wasn't it? Uh, no, no, I went on Saturday. Uh, yeah, I worked late, so I finished up about seven, so yeah, and because the trip to Canberra to Sydney takes about three hours, I've gotten home until quite late, so I didn't know, I didn't know. My three and a half is definitely the average. Sorry, oh, no, I left about nine, yeah, and I got there at about 12, so 12 30, really. Yeah, that's where I grew up. Not really, yes. No, with my sister. Yeah, our other sister. Uh, no, it wasn't really, but it's been something that she probably has wanted for a while. Uh, we don't have other options as to what, what to... No, no, it just took us a while to think of something to buy her. No, a couple of games as well. Uh, um, I'm not really into them, so... I'm very much... Yeah, exactly, so I think there was a car racing game. Yeah, it would have been something silly like that. Oh, no, definitely not, the entrance, something like that. Uh, we'll probably buy her some flowers. Yeah, I know. No, to a friend. Yes, yeah, yeah, it is. Uh, no, uh, Kellyville. Yeah, from Cronulla, it takes about two, one hour and a half to two hours. Yeah, it is. Forever. Yeah, got home. No, just talking and, yeah, um, a little bit. Uh, yeah, uh, no, not the whole day, just some of the day. No, I didn't. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, the usual. No, no more than you. Yeah, there was a little bit of road work, but no, nothing really. Um, yes, but it still, it was, I guess, the traffic wasn't too bad because it was still just the normal amount of get there. Yeah, I did. Yep, there was, uh, Tutankhamen and then there was, uh, Winners Run and then the third one was, uh, Donkey Kong, I guess, just from the names. Yes, no, I only put ten dollars on them all. Um, I got about five hundred dollars. Yeah, I know, pretty impressive. Uh, pardon? No, no, only a little bit. The rest I just took home. Yeah, yeah, uh, there were a couple of that, of course, excellent no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment