 Okay, well I flew over to start off in Beijing and we were there for just short of a week and then we picked up, we started on a tour so we were there, we were in Beijing for a little bit on our own but then we started a tour group and with the tour group we moved around China. So from Beijing we went to Xi'an and from Xi'an to Shanghai and from Shanghai to a little place called Yongshu. Xi'an we saw the terracotta warriors so they're the big statues made out of terracotta. It's really quite impressive to see, which is pretty much the only thing that we've seen in Xi'an. We went to Shanghai. Shanghai we were only there for a day so we just basically walked around the city and we saw an acrobat show and we went on the harbour cruise overnight. The night was a little boring. No, it didn't do much. From Xi'an we went to Yongshu which is a little place a little west, more towards the middle of the country. We did quite a few things there. We went on, we did a kung fu lesson, we did a cooking lesson and we did a calligraphy class and I wasn't very good at calligraphy. We went on a little boat cruise along the water there. It's the Li River, quite pretty. Yeah, we did quite a few. There was the dragon boat. It's the one where you're one leg bent and the other one straight so you're pretty much on the floor. I can't describe it very well. I remember that snake. And then there's the chicken. That's the one where you're standing up, one leg straight, you're standing up and the other leg is bent in front of you. I can't remember the names very well. What about your little figure? We learnt how to draw a couple of the characters, just simple ones. Do the numbers, things like that. They did teach me how to write my name in Chinese. We learnt how to cook a couple of dishes, the vegetable dish, eggplant, which was called eggplant Yong Shu style. It was meant to be something similar to what they do in that area. It was a chicken and cashew thing. Yeah, it wasn't bad actually. We were told that we had to eat it afterwards and it was no problem eating it afterwards. And after Yong Shu, where did you go? From Yong Shu we went to the Longji Rice Terraces. That's another little place, like a rural place where there are other rice fields that are grown on the hills. We did a hike there, walking through all the rice fields. That was a lot of fun actually. No, it was more just a looking in experience. From there we went to Hong Kong and Hong Kong was the final place that we ended up. I found that a little boring. It was very touristy and the main point of being there was to shop and I don't really like it. Just a Hong Kong city. Yes. Am I meant to be lying in these or not? No. No. Okay. Okay, so basically we went to Beijing for two weeks. We were there for one week, just short of one week. We did quite a few things. We went to the zoo, went to the Forbidden City for the day. There were quite a few parks that we visited. Saw the Clock and Bell Tower for the views. And then you said you went to the Warriors. That's right. They're life-like in the sense that they're almost human size and they've got very human features. Yeah, a friend of mine that went over there recently said that he was very... Oh no, no, they're quite big. They're human size. Certain ones are. There are other Terracotta Warriors from other dynasties that are small. But aren't the... Oh no. Normal size in that like now probably. It was normal size for my size, put it that way, from my height. Because I heard the ones that were... Not from what I saw. Where were you in? Oh, we were only there for a day. I heard the harbour crew's very... Yeah, not really. Oh, well, it would be interesting if you're interested in architecture, it would be interesting, but I'm not really. So not particularly. So what was it? Oh, it was just a cruise to see the city and the city is mainly buildings and things. And so there wasn't that much to see other than the buildings and... Okay. And went to Yongshuo and did a crew lesson. I don't think... No, no, no, not the monkey park. No. Are you sure? Yes. You learned the dragon? Yes. And that involves... No, no, no. Both feet are on the floor, but it's the one with your legs to the side. Isn't it? It might be. I can't remember. I don't remember very well. Okay. And then in the cooking lesson, I heard that most people in Yongshuo actually cook their dishes with... Not particularly. No, no. So what... There was one with chicken in it and there was one... Oh, that was one... There was another one with fish in it, but most of them were vegetarian. You didn't mention four... Yeah, that's right. But there was another one with fish in it. So you cooked two dishes, but you said... Oh no, multiple dishes. Yeah. Fair enough. And in calligraphy class, is it the... None from the alphabet. We learnt how to do the numbers, one to ten. It says you had a... There are a couple of phrases that we learnt, but mostly it was the numbers, one, ten. And it's very simple. Okay. And then you said you went to Hong Kong. Do you like your tours? I don't... I didn't go to Causeway. No? Could you stay? Well, I didn't go shopping very much in Hong Kong. You said before that you did. No, no, no. What I did. It's what you can do in Hong Kong. But it's not what I did. Yes. Okay. I'm just going to ask a couple of questions also. Whatever I ask, no matter what I ask. Were you in Beijing one way? No comment. Tool group? No comment. Did you go to Xi'an? No comment. See the... No comment. Were they very... No comment. Did you go to Shanghai? No comment. Did you visit... No comment. No comment. Cruise? No comment. Did you see a... No comment. Did you go to... Shou... No comment....China? No comment. Do... No comment. Do you understand? No comment. Do... No comment. Did you visit the... No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.