 Was that this one? Well we weren't sure whether or not it was over because if you get to the bottom and you come in that's cool. This one again. I've been running through my weekend and it's horrible. Yeah? Nah, nah. I tried to replay my weekend last time and I'm like, wait a second, like halfway through I'm like, wait a second, I didn't do that on Saturday, I did that on Sunday. I've got to try and Lido don't I? Yeah. I walked out after this and just went, nah, that's it, I've failed big time. Me. This weekend, or last weekend, yes I did, had my football presentation Friday night. Ah, it fell. So I handed an assignment in on Friday night and then left work. I rushed home because my Lyft was already at my house. So I quickly jumped in the shower, had a shower and then we drove out to the ANZ Football Club for football presentation. Our presentation was held downstairs in the Bistro area this year because for some reason they'd triple booked the place out and we just got shunted downstairs. No idea. It's the club so there were beers, but that being said, it was a pretty dismal presentation. Yeah, had a few drinks which was good, but it was, I think we were drinking Cooper's Pale Ale. With that being said though, drinks did cost money, which was a little bit, considering all the other presentation nights I've been to, it's just been pretty much free. 40 bucks it cost. It cost the partners tickets 40 bucks, which was, yeah, not too bad, but it was a pretty dismal night. Dragged on and dragged on and dragged on. Nah, too many games so, free cog. So yeah, a few speeches, a few blokes. The development coach is going back, well not the development coach, but one of the senior blokes who runs the midfield group, he's going back to Adelaide, originally from Adelaide, just going back home. Captain is going back home as well, down towards Melbourne. Basically, he and his missus are just going back home to catch up with friends and just wants to get back down there, close to family and stuff like that. Nah, nah, not that. I've got to get my leg right before I do anything. But yeah, so, it wasn't too bad. We had this one bloke, Salvo, did like a 25 minute stand up routine, which was pretty funny. He was paying out the blokes that were leaving, pretty much, ended up paying my older brother out, a man. We've got an award that's called the Jaws Award, which is given to the most vocal supporter. Man won it two years ago and older brother had a little baby boy, so this year he's been doing, running a bit of a crash as opposed to watching, he's watching his little grandson as opposed to watching the football. But yeah, he's still got bored up. He's usually sitting there, yelling on the field and he's like, oh hang on a second, that's not football, that's little Ethan running around, better get him handed check. Yeah and then got paid out for being on the sideline a little bit as well, which was always good but you know, what do you expect. Had a few more beers and then just went out to the city and that was pretty dismal. Just caught up with a few blokes from Footy that I hadn't seen. Oh, I don't know, I suppose I really didn't want to go out there anyway. Everyone from Footy was at the same place, so I just went there and then that was it. I'm just trying to think, I think it was Clubhouse. Yeah, so it wasn't too bad, just because I knew most of the people that were there and that was it. But apart from that, I probably should have just went home. Saturday morning, no I didn't not do anything. We went with my girlfriend and we went out to, no we went down and got breakfast at the supermarket or at the Hyperdome, do you know what I'm talking about. And from there we went out to Fishwick to look for some furniture, couldn't find anything, so that was a pretty pointless trip. And then we went home, she cleaned the house, I did the gardening, loved the gardening. And Sunday evening, she went out and I just stayed at home and that was it. I'm just trying to make sure I got it right, that's all. It was at the club, so bar club, I caught one of the same. It was booked out in the bistro. Yeah, still served beers. I was just drinking Coopers, so pale ale. No, I didn't get too wild with the pale ale. Not too wild? No, not the coach. The guy that's in charge of the midfield and the captain, yeah. No, yep, that's correct. No idea. Undecided? Undecided. I've just torn my hamstring way too many times. I sat most of the season on the sideline. No, it's just like I meant, it's a bit called stringy. Hamstring, yeah, that's it. And try and pick up a football and have a kick. Oh, hang on a second mate, you warmed up. It's in pieces like that. Yeah, you can, but you've got to stabilize one leg and kick with the other. No, it was just another bloke's elbow. No, he didn't. My old man won the award two years ago, Jaws Award. No, he's got a big trophy with a big shark jaw pretty much. Well, it's the same one, but you get it and take it back or give it back. Certainly. Some big honour has been an elbow on the side of the fence pretty much. Pliers, copper roasting. No, I don't roast the unpliers. Sly comments from my old man on the sideline. Not that I'm aware of. It hasn't been too, I suppose, personal or anything like that. Bit of banter. Yeah, I hadn't heard of that one. Oh, shite. Yeah, just went to the city. Not too much. Just a quiet night, catching up with bikes from Pooley that I haven't seen. Yeah, just catching up with a few bikes. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.