 Um, no, that was a few weeks ago. Um, so long weekend just gone, basically finished work on the Friday. So I drove home, got home, what did we do then? Yep, had a mate come over, um, had a few beers and just watched some telly. Um, went down to the takeaway shop, bought a pizza for dinner and drove home. Well, didn't drive home of course. Um, so then basically just went to bed pretty early. Got up on Saturday, uh, it was probably about 10, 10 o'clock. Woke up, went out to the kitchen, got some breakfast like I usually do every morning. Pretty much a stock standard day. Ate breakfast, did the dishes, um, cleaned up around the house a little bit, uh, went down to Bunnings with my girlfriend, uh, down at Tuggeranon. Bought a few bits and pieces, um, some gardening tools, etc. Drove home, went to, didn't drive home, sorry, went into Tuggeranon, the shopping centre, um, had a look around, um, bought a few more bits and pieces from Kmart, um, got some lunch. I got some Ali Baba, she went and got, uh, a salad. From then drove home, pretty much spent the rest of the afternoon in the garden just weeding, weeding, weeding the garden. So basically getting all of the, getting all the grass out of the garden beds and getting all the weeds out of the grass. That was pretty much it, sorry, that took, um, that took up quite a long time. Um, Saturday afternoon went to the club, um, just to have some dinner with a few mates, nothing too much, um, just had a few beers and then ate some dinner and that was about it. Footy, yeah, watched the footy, um, yeah. Yeah, it wasn't too bad, um, French rugby's a bit, you know, get the ball down one side of the field and then take a shot, milk a penalty or get the easy three points, get the ball back, just all about playing possession, so that's all right, wins games, so giddy up. And yeah, went home, um, wasn't too bad. Woke up the next day, went and played golf with my old man, had breakfast as we usually do again, um, called my old man, went and had a game of golf down at Murrumbidgee Country Club, then, oh, beat me by a shot, I was pretty devastated, you know, didn't go too bad, so. Uh, rest of the afternoon I went back to my house with my old man, um, watched the Wallabies game, by that time, when we finished golf, we watched the first half down at the club and then went back to mine and watched the second half there. Yeah, it was good, there's a few blokes that, um, shouldn't get a game next, or this week, um, made Cooper for beam one, um, not as horrible as him, pretty much a standout for me, I reckon. Blokes that definitely deserve their spot in there. Um, Guinea have played it right in the first half, for sure, um, the two flankers played an outstanding job, that was about it. Give it all the way through. All right, let's go. I didn't have any glasses of wine, uh, just beer, I think it was VB, nah, just VB, so, just the full strength. Uh, I didn't have any garlic bread at the dinner, I just got takeaway from the shop down the road, uh, Theo's takeaway, just got a pizza. Didn't buy any nuts and screws, um, can't remember what we did buy, I can't remember. Yeah, bought, actually, I did buy, um, what was it, a little hand shovel, a hand rake, um, and a little hoe as well, that's all I bought from Bunnings. Nah, bought some gloves from Kmart, no idea, we just went to the shop afterwards to get some lunch and ended up cruising around the, around the post and it was something that we forgot, so, at the club, I can't remember, no idea, not sure, I only watched little bits and pieces of it, well, I only watched bits and pieces, watched the entire game. Yeah, I got beaten, I didn't go too bad, but got beaten by a shot by my old man, so, that's not true, only just beaten by a shot, he made par on the last hole, I got a buggy, so, I don't know what game you're watching. Oh, just unforced errors, it's just horrible, horrible to watch. A few inside passes, he was running, he just didn't look switched on at all. He had a crack in first half, he faded off a little bit in the second, but first half was an absolute cracker. Yep, no idea. Nah. As I said, I'm not too sure when it was, whether it was the first half or the second half. Second half I was down at the golf club, so, it was pretty noisy. Yeah, I must have heard that. Righto. No comment.