 Yeah, I did a fair bit over the weekend. So on Friday night I drove from Canberra to Sydney and stayed overnight with my mother, who lives in Sydney, and my youngest daughter, who was having a week of holidays with her grandmother at the time. On Saturday morning, my daughter and I caught the train from Grandma's house to the airport and we went to Adelaide. We arrived to Adelaide around 12.30 Adelaide time, 1 o'clock around that time. Went to a hotel, the Hotel Grosvenor in Adelaide, and checked in. We then enquired at the concierge desk as to the best way to get to the Adelaide Zoo and we were given a map with directions of how to get to the Adelaide Zoo. We ended up catching a taxi, so we got a taxi to the zoo and on arrival at the zoo we went immediately to see the pandas, which was the main purpose for our visit. We spent a little bit of time looking at the pandas and taking some photos. We then went and had lunch at the zoo. After lunch, the panda exhibition is opened two times and the main reason we were there was to see the pandas, so we wanted to make sure we saw both sessions. But in between, just after lunch, we walked around the rest of the zoo and we looked at, specifically we looked at giraffes, tigers, lions and meerkats. We happened to also see some type of bear that wasn't a panda, it was some sort of Asian sun bear or something, it was pretty cool. And we saw some monkeys, the swing in the tree type monkey rather than the little ones. Then it was time to go back and see the pandas again, so we went back to the second session for the pandas and saw them. Then we walked back from the zoo to the hotel, that took about 40 minutes, so that was a fair hike for a pretty big fellow and a pretty small girl. When we got back to the hotel, we basically hung out in the room for a little while, watched a bit of TV, then we went and had an early dinner. We wanted to have an early dinner because we're both Doctor Who fans and we wanted to make sure we were back in the room ready to watch the season finale of Doctor Who, which was on Saturday night, so we watched the finale of Doctor Who. One of the big questions in this particular season of Doctor Who has been around the fate of the Doctor. There's been a lead-up suggesting that the Doctor would die. You kind of know that that's not going to happen, that somehow he's going to get out of it, but they did a pretty good job of building that suspense and not revealing how he was going to get out of it. Part of the fun, I suppose, is identifying how you think he's going to get out of it. We made our predictions about how he might avoid getting out of it. We were both partly right, so that was good fun. After Doctor Who, I watched a bit of the rugby, watched part of the highlights of the Wales-Ireland game, which was on that day in the Rugby World Cup. I thought it was a bit of a surprise. I expected Ireland to win, but Wales got up. Similarly, I was surprised by the result of the England-France game, where I think most people expected England to win, but France got up. The next morning, we flew back to Sydney, caught the train back to Grandma's house, collected Grandma, and drove back to Canberra. We arrived back in Canberra just in time for the kick-off of the Wallabies versus South Africa game. I thought it was a very gripping game of rugby. I thought that the Australians scrambled particularly well. I think they were lucky to win, but I was obviously very pleased that they won. I thought Quade Cooper had a shocker and was yelling at the TV for most of the second half that he should be replaced immediately. I thought David Percock played a particularly good game. I thought that generally the back line, with the exception of Cooper, played pretty well. They've been playing pretty well all season, all tournament, I should say. And I think Berwick Barnes had a really good impact when he came on. I'd like to see him getting a bit more match time. After the rugby, this was Sunday after the rugby, a family dinner, fairly non-specific. I don't recall a lot about that. On the Monday, my wife left to go up to Sydney. She's a marker for HSC. Some of the HSC subjects that have got individual projects or performance have already been completed and they're in for marking at the moment. So she's currently away doing that marking, but she left on the Monday of the public holiday, on the Monday of the long weekend. I spent some time cleaning my home office and doing a few bits and pieces of work and nothing particularly specific that day. I was pretty quiet, spent at home, basically preparing to return to work. I drove rather than caught the bus. The trip was pretty straightforward. Stopped and had dinner at Maroolin. I think I might have been at a different time. I noticed, I guess, what I would call a slight increase in traffic. I mean, I travel that road pretty frequently. I think that any time there's a long weekend in Canberra, there's always a bit of traffic leaving Canberra. I wouldn't have described it as a major when I went past or when I went through that area, I wouldn't have said it was a big issue. We might have gone different ways as well because I didn't go through Yass. I just went straight up the highway to Goulburn, so you miss out on Yass. But yeah, I didn't have any particular trouble. We went to a hotel. No, it was a hotel. Walked home from the zoo. Caught a taxi to the zoo. No, we saw both sessions of the pandas or both pandas in each session. Didn't see any gorillas. I don't think they have gorillas at Adelaide Zoo. No, we saw some monkeys, but not gorillas. Didn't see it. Not familiar if they have one, but didn't see it on the day. Yeah, with the exception of the panda. We walked past a couple of other enclosures. We sort of agreed that we were mostly there to see the pandas, so we didn't spend a lot of time looking at the Australian animals. We did see an Asian sun bear, and we did also see a Tasmanian devil. We walked past their enclosure and we saw one of those as we walked past, which may be quick, but it felt longish to me without carrying her. So for me and her, we were both pretty tired by the time we got back to the hotel. Well, I would disagree. I think that they resolved the primary question of the season, which was would the doctor survive the killing at Lake Tahoe, which he did. We identified how he did that. I suppose the only question that the season left unanswered, and they always tend to leave something to start next season, was the relationship, the ongoing relationship between the doctor and River Song. I couldn't comment about the expectation of fans, but I was certainly surprised by the result in both games. I'd be somewhat surprised by that. I didn't hear their predictions pre the game. I'd be surprised if all three of them agreed on both games. They generally have a bit of a variance, so that would surprise me somewhat. I didn't mention any turbulence, but there was actually some turbulence as we left Adelaide. Yet that afternoon? Correct. No, I thought he had a shocker. He didn't get the ball to his outside man. He kicked on almost every opportunity, and when he didn't kick, he was either tackled with the ball and lost it, or he dropped the ball. He didn't play well. We had about 60% of a session through the game, and failed to capitalise on most of the opportunities, in my opinion. That may have contributed to the quality of Percock's game. I don't recall the specifics of his injury. And whilst his absence may have contributed to Percock's game, I think Percock's been playing pretty well through the whole tournament. I'd be surprised if he didn't get some game time, particularly at least off the bench. I mean, if I was running things, we probably wouldn't have made it this far, but if I was running things, I probably would have him in the starting line-up. I think he's... if not in the starting line-up, I think he does add significant impact off the bench. No comment.