 Okay, yeah did a little bit of... So last Friday I picked up some takeaway fish and chips for the family on my way home so we had a reasonably early dinner and ate some fish and chips. On the Saturday my daughter as a school holiday activity had been going along to a school holiday camp rock school and so on the Saturday afternoon she had a session there that I dropped her off to and on the Saturday evening starting at about 6 we had a... they did a performance so I went along and watched about eight sort of 10 to 14 year old bands. Yeah so that was that was good fun. She was singing yeah yeah yeah well it was her first first go so it was it was interesting. Oh she went alright. The mix the mix wasn't very kind to her you couldn't really hear her that well and she she was very nervous you know that's to be yeah yeah so but it was some it was good fun and she seemed to enjoy it a fair bit. She sang all the small things, Blink 180 and and a Bon Jovi I think a John Bon Jovi song called Have a Nice Day so they're the two songs that that her group did. Yeah so that was good. After that we got a pizza on the way home. The camp ran for the second week of the school holidays so the Saturday was like the culmination of the camp so yeah so she'd been there each afternoon sort of the Tuesday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday afternoon and then the Saturday afternoon leading into the concert. Yeah pizza on the way home. Yeah we got a Meat Lovers and a Barbecue Chicken and Bacon. Went home and watched the second half of the rugby. Yeah I thought it was pretty good game. Yeah I thought France played well but I thought the last 20 minutes was reasonably exciting you know Wales were pushing so hard to try and try and get there and I thought you know I thought they were gonna gonna just squeeze it over the line but they just just couldn't get there so. Look the the send-off in the first half I didn't see as until I watched I saw it like you know in highlights after the game because I didn't see the first half. I thought it was I thought the send-off was an overreaction I have to say I think I think it was a it was a poor tackle and it probably deserved a yellow card rather than a red card. I didn't have too much complaint about the rest of the referee I mean I think that was a pretty big mistake and obviously I think it had an impact on the outcome of the game so I imagine Wales are you know really significantly unhappy. Yeah I think they'll win tonight. Yeah even so I just well unless the Wallabies significantly improved their performance I think Wales will win. I thought the Wallabies were pretty poor on Saturday night on Sunday night. So in any event on on Sunday the the Rock School thing sort of continued because there was an additional performance at Floriade. They put on a performance at Floriade the next day so we went along to Floriade myself and my two daughters and we had a bit of a look around Floriade before the performance and then we watched the the Rock School performance. So yeah same there's a straight repeat of the of the previous night's concert so same songs much better mix and you know the second time through a little bit more confident so it was it was much better performing. Yeah so that was that was encouraging yeah yeah and got home just in time for the the kickoff of the Wallaby the Wallaby New Zealand game. Look I think to be fair I think that you know New Zealand played an outstanding game. I think that New Zealand are in sensational form. I think they've managed their World Cup preparation and campaign better than any other team. I think they thoroughly deserve to win on the weekend and as disappointing as that might be for a Wallaby fan but they they just they outplayed us in every aspect of the game. Their competition for the for the high ball particularly I think exposed some weakness in our backline. Their commitment to the breakdown, their forward pack dominated you know I can't think of any aspect of the game where they didn't you know comprehensively play better than we did on the day and so on that basis I mean you know you can't complain I think Australia has no cause to complain about the referee or anything like that we were just outplayed on the day. I think that some some aspects of the Australian game are okay but you know there was a lot of a lot of aspects of the Australian game that just it's hard to know I think whether we were just so comprehensively outplayed that we looked poor by comparison or whether not only did New Zealand play well but we also played poorly and I think there's also a question about were we were we made to play poorly by the quality of the New Zealand game you know yep yep no we had fish and chips on the Friday and pizza on the Saturday a big a big weekend for takeaway actually we had fish and chips there was some kawamari and there was some potato scallops and that was spread around the whole family. No it was early dinner she had camp that day and I'd picked her up from camp on the way home and we went and got the dinner on the way home so we had dinner at about sort of quarter to six half past five quarter to six a little earlier than we would normally eat. No no it was a sort of a daily a daily thing each afternoon from the Tuesday through to the Saturday yeah in the evening on the Saturday from about six o'clock yes oh yeah fairly modern I guess. Yeah she was very nervous. Yeah she she had a good go. No not quite but she enjoyed it. Well I was I was certainly cheering yep yep no we had a meat lovers and a barbecue chicken and bacon. I agreed that it was a poor tackle I felt it should have been a yellow card rather than a red card. No I don't agree. Yeah Floriade. Yep yeah it was a better mix so you could hear her more and I think that having performed once already she had a little bit more confident a little not not heaps but a little bit more confident. No it was all the other bands as well. Yep I'm not a I'm not a big Quade Cooper fan and I don't think he played particularly well but I think it would be disingenuous to blame the entire loss on him at the end of the day the whole team lost. I thought he had a much worse game the week before. The issue I have with Quade Cooper generally is I don't think he makes good decisions I don't think he understands the game that well I think he has natural ability and as a ballplayer but the the moments of brilliance in my view outweighed by a general lack of maturity around the understanding of the game and poor decision-making. Yes. Oh not well not well at the time you know he's not the first player to kick the ball out on the full at kickoff he won't be the last but in the context of the game and in the context of him being under such pressure in the media and generally in the tournament I can't imagine that it did anything at all for his notwithstanding everything he says which is that that sort of stuff doesn't faze him but I can't imagine it set him it set him up for a good game it must have been playing on his mind he was clearly very nervous. Actually that that that I didn't mind so much I think that the notion of the notion of getting points as frequently as possible and and early so you know if it had been in the second half or if it had been deeper in the game then I think it would have been more questionable but early in the game when you you make it for the first time to the opposition 22 if you can go away with points then I think that's a worthwhile punt to take. Oh yeah I think he plays reasonably well. Oh look I think he would have made an impact I think he's pretty good player I don't think he would have necessarily the I don't think the inclusion of Beale would have necessarily changed the results at the end of the day it's you know it's a 15 man game and and you know one player can make a difference and can have an impact I think you only have to look as as far as like Ritchie McCaw you know he's a player that when he has a game he can lift the whole side and improve the performance of the whole side. Yeah look I think I think McCaw like he always you know he rarely has a bad game in my view I think he did play well but I think that you know he plays I think his best games are the ones where he rarely gets mentioned but he's involved the whole time you know he's just such a workhorse and you know the last man up from from most rucks it was him you know he was the first man to tackle he was just his work rate I think was phenomenal even though he was sort of he didn't do anything spectacular or flashy so he didn't get called a lot but I would have said that he you know he made a very big contribution to the game. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No croak. No comment. No comment. no comment. no comment. no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment