 long weekend, which long weekend? The one that we just had? Yes, I do. Friday night, I had an early night. I ordered Chinese takeaway. I ordered a lamb with ginger and shallots and a vegetable chow mein and a boiled rice from the Emperor Court Chinese restaurant in Beijing. They flew it over to me. It was sensational. They delivered it to my house at about eight o'clock, five past eight, I think it was. I was watching TV. I believe it was Ghost Whisperer on, but it was recorded on my Foxtel, so it wouldn't have been live. I was wearing my jammies and sitting on my couch with my dog, who's a Border Collie. That was Friday night. I went to bed about 10.30. Saturday, I went and got my nails done at eight o'clock. That was at a little place in Farrah. From there, I left there about quarter to nine and went to work at a tie store in Phillip. I was there till about 10.30, after which I left there and went to the cancer clinic where I work. I was there till about 12. After that, I went to the little takeaway store across the road called Delish and got a toasted ham, cheese and tomato sandwich for lunch and a bottle of Diet Coke. Leaving there, I went to my hairdresser's and got my hair done. I had a bit of a chat to my hairdresser because her and I are fairly good friends. We dinged about a carpenter we've both been dealing with and both having problems with. I left there and I called my girlfriend Natalie, who had a date that night. Then I went home and took my dog to the park down the road. Sunday morning, I got up. I had a sleep in. I got up about 11.30 and was sitting eating my breakfast on the couch. I had an avocado on toast with a cup of tea when my girlfriend rang me and said, can I come round? Because we'd planned to catch up on Monday. She had an interview for a job this week and she wanted me to prepare some coaching stuff for her. She rang me and asked if she could come around later that day instead of on Monday, which I was more than happy to do. So I got up and did some cleaning, mopped my floor, cleaned up my kitchen, emptied the dishwasher and had a shower. I took my dog to the park and came back and had lunch. That was at about 3.30 in the afternoon. Then my girlfriend came around about half past four. I spent a couple of hours preparing her for her job interview, which was for an EA role. The interview was on Thursday at 10.30. Then she went home and I had a little snooze and had the leftover Chinese for dinner. Monday I slept in. I went to the shop and did my groceries. I came home and did some painting. I've been preparing paint colours for renovation work, so I was just doing some testing pots on that. The colours were Chocolate Smog, Beaver Creek and Crisp White. Then I took Ella, my dog, for a walk. We walked down to the park where we played ball for an hour and then walked back. I cooked Mongolian lamb for dinner. I had a very quiet weekend. It was okay given that it was flown all the way from Beijing. I thought the one down the road at Narravender's shops was better. It was cold, not surprising really. I had lamb and chicken. I had lamb, ginger and lamb and a vegetable chow mein. I normally get the lemon chicken. I apologise, that's my bad. It was boiled. Pretty awesome, huh? I'm special, clearly, and not necessarily in a good way. I didn't watch Bones, I watched Ghost Whisperer. It was okay. At 10.30, I had dinner. I was watching it while I had dinner. Dinner arrived just after 8. Between 8 and 5 past 8, I had dinner. I was watching TV and I went to bed about 10.30, I think I said. I did say that I had recorded it on Foxtel, so I wasn't watching it live. It was good. I got my nails done, which I get a manicure every fortnight. I didn't have avocado on my sandwich. I had toasted ham, cheese and tomato on Saturday. I don't drink coffee, no. I had a bottle of diet coke. I did. I don't like him. He's a jerk. Both my girlfriend, who is my hairdresser, and I are having problems with him. We were planning to get together on Monday to prepare for an interview she had on Thursday, but we ended up doing it Sunday afternoon instead. On Saturday afternoon, I took my dog for a walk. I cleaned my house on Sunday before my friend came over. On Thursday at 10.30, I was for an EA role. What night? Monday afternoon, I was doing some painting, testing some colours and stuff for a renovation. I was testing crisp white, chocolate smog and beaver cake. Yes. Okay. No comment, no comment, No comment, No comment, No comment, No comment, No comment