 It was quite a busy weekend, yeah. Okay, can you tell me exactly what you did starting Friday night and day night? How long have we got? Well, I'm trying to get you to speak to the camera. Some people struggle to do this. It'll take five minutes. So Friday night I got home from work and that was at about 4.30. And then my boyfriend got home from work and it was about 5.30, quarter to six. And then we got ready to go out into the city. There was a new bar called Honky Tonks opened that night. So we went to the opening of that. So it was supposed to open at 7pm but we got there at... The opening night was supposed to start at 7pm, we got there at about quarter to eight. And we stayed there till about, I think 11.30. We walked into... What did you do at the bar? Yeah, we were just sitting there, just the two of us having a drink. Yep. Is that bar, is it a club or... It's a bar, yeah. It's in Gorema Place. And what did you have to drink there? I was drinking Tiger Beer. He started drinking Tiger Beer and then he was drinking cider. And then what did you do? And then we decided not to get a taxi home because there weren't very many taxis. So we caught a bus to Woden and then we walked from Woden Interchange out to Highmarsh Drive and caught a taxi home. And I think we got home in about midnight, a bit before midnight. Oh, you can keep going. These nights are irrelevant. And so then we went to bed and then woke up at about... My boyfriend woke up... Oh no, sorry, he worked Sunday. So yeah, we woke up and he was still asleep and I got up and got ready and I had to be up at Mount Stromlo Observatory at 10am because it's part of a photography course that I'm doing. The lady asked me to do modelling for another photography course. And what do you do for this? So this was just, I'd never done anything really like it before. It was just modelling in different parts around Mount Stromlo Observatory for other people that were doing a portrait photography course. So I got there at about 5.10 and ended up leaving probably at about 20 past 1. And then I drove home and had breakfast because I didn't get to eat breakfast earlier. And then my boyfriend and I cleaned our house. We're packing because we're moving overseas, so we started packing boxes for pretty much all of Saturday afternoon. And then one of my partner's mates came round at about 6.30 to watch the footy and then we had dinner. Oh, I got you. Do you watch the footy? No, well, no. I sat in the lounge room while the game was on, but I was on my computer doing photos. I'm guessing you're not one of those people. Not exactly, no. Do you know the outcome of that game? I believe Wales won. You lost. Did they? I knew it was only one point difference. Your boyfriend, was he happy about it? Sorry, that's it. Your boyfriend, is he a footy fan? Yes. He thought it was quite a good game. Really? Except for the red card. Yes. What did he think about it? He thought it was a bit of a rough call. Yeah. I think it was not a good tackle, but I don't think it deserved a red card. And then what did you do after? And then I think we started up watching TV for a bit and then went to bed. What did you watch TV that? Couldn't tell you. Fair enough. And then next day? Next day, Tim got up to go to work. He started work at about quarter to eight. I ended up getting out of bed at about eight and then just did domestic things for most of the day. So I was doing washing, food shopping, packed more boxes. So you guys are moving? Yeah, we're moving overseas. Whereabouts? London, about 12 months. Kind of like a working holiday. Pretty much. I spent most of the morning packing and then I did food shopping. I got home from food shopping at about probably 2.40 I think and then went to my mum's house in Belconnen and then I stayed there until about a bit before 4.30. And what did you do there? Had a cup of tea and dropped off some things to her house and then up formal dresses. And then that afternoon I went to my friend's house for a barbecue. Great. And what did they serve on the barbecue? Sausages, rissole, steak and salmon. And then did you get to watch the league? Yeah, both games. And what about? Well, Australia didn't win. No, I think, well, I don't really follow it a lot but it would have been better if Australia won because then they would have a better shot at getting into the finals. How did everyone else react to that? Some people were quite indifferent. Some people were very devastated, basically. I don't think anyone was happy about it. No. Okay. Especially Quade Cooper. Okay. And then what did you do afterwards? So we stayed there and watched some of Underbelly and then I drove home. Alright. I just have some questions for you. Okay. So Friday night you said you went out to the city, did you? Yeah. And was that the London bar you went to? No, Honky Tonk. Yeah. So that was the opening, was it? Yeah. Did you have to wait in a queue or any reservation? You had to be on the door. Your name had to be on the door to get in but there was no line to get in. You didn't mention it. No. Okay. So you didn't have to reserve. No, no. It was just because it was the opening night. Previously you had to have your name on the door. Was it a busy night? Yes. And you said you were just drinking? Tiger beer. Tiger beer. And your boyfriend, was he a beer drinker? He started off drinking Tiger beer and then he was drinking cider. So you guys didn't drink any wine or anything? No. And then you said you drove to Woden to get back home? I caught the bus. Yeah. And then? No. So we got off the bus at Woden Interchange and then we walked up towards Hindmarsh and caught a taxi from Woden home. Right. And then you said you had an early breakfast? No. The next day I didn't eat breakfast until late because I had to leave the house early. Yeah. Because I had to go up to Mount Stronwy for a photography course. Yeah. So you had a late breakfast? I don't believe so. I did not have any pancakes. Did you do anything for breakfast? Not for breakfast. I cooked a bagel. Does that count? Yes. That will do. Toasted. Okay. And then you said you watched the game that night, did you? Yes. You know, in contrast to whatever I'm saying, I heard that the red card was actually very fair to call. And you said it was very rough, did you? Yeah. I said that was my boyfriend's opinion. I didn't really watch the game. Yeah. Damien Doustoir of France actually said that he's Bayard. He said he's rough. I don't know who that person is. Stop asking about rugby. And then the next day you said you just packed for the whole day? For the first half of the day, yeah. So did you manage to use the money? Well, I was packing all the things in our house because we're moving overseas for 12 months. And then when you went to your mum's place, how much did you pack? We didn't need any cake. Just a cup of tea. You didn't? No, just tea. And you said you had to... Oh yeah, just my formal dresses to leave while I go overseas. And then that night, what local food did you eat? One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Was it a nice barbecue? Yeah, it was quite good. Good hospitality. How'd they cook? There was no chicken. I don't know if there was chicken sausages, but there was no fillets of chicken or chicken kebabs or anything. There wasn't any mint? Any mint? Yeah, you said there was... There was meat, like meatball rissole thing and steak and sausages. Yep, and then that night in the footy, you know, some people actually say they deserve a booze. That's their opinion. And the papers today actually said Quake Pooper. I think that's opinion based. Then after you finished up watching Entourage... Underbelly. Okay, I'm just going to finish up right now. First I'm just going to ask some questions and you just have no comment as you would there, no matter what I ask. Okay, so Friday night, did you go to the city then? No comment. Did you go? No comment. Were you drinking Tiger Beer that night? No comment. Your boyfriend? No comment. Where? No comment. No comment. Were you modelling for Photography Days? No comment. Did you eat a lap? No comment. Umm... No comment. Did you watch TV that night? No comment. Did David Cheeves be a trip? No comment. Did you go to...? No comment. That was good.