 Not very much. Yeah, mostly. Do you remember a day where you did quite a lot in? I did quite a lot of stuff in a day. Not last weekend. Recent? I suppose Sunday we did a little bit. You're running the show. Alright, well just tell me a day where you did quite a bit. I'll start with the details. On Sunday I woke up and got ready to go out for brunch with girlfriends. And we went out. We met at 9.30 in New Acton. And then we stayed there until about 10.30, 10.45. And then I went into the exhibition centre for a Europe Expo. And stayed there. There's lots of different... We didn't go up and see any presentations. There was just lots of stalls on flight providers and tour providers and travel insurance and all that sort of thing. I stayed there with my boyfriend until about 2 o'clock I think. And then we spoke to a flight operator I suppose and booked a few tours. And then we went home and I had lunch. And we did a bit more packing. And then we went and did food shopping. And that was about it. Do you remember anything that night? Not that I remember. I think just cooked dinner and pork belly. Went to work. Damn it. Alright, so tell me about this trip you're about to go on. So I leave here on the 17th of November. And then we fly into London. So we're going to Singapore for a few days and then flying into London. And then from London we stay there for a night. And then I go to the Netherlands for a workshop. So I stay there for a few days and then go back to London. Stay there for a few weeks. And then we're going to Austria for New Year's. Like a skiing holiday over New Year's. So we stay there for about 7 days and then we go back to London. And we can stay in that unit for about another week. That's the only part we know. And then after that we don't know. We're making up. So what have you got planned? Well hopefully work's going to prove me doing some study over there. In a Masters. And also doing a few placements and conferences and things over there. So you're actually in what? Textile Damage and Fibres. Yeah, Cranfield University. Where is that? It's out near Swindon. It's about an hour, an hour and a half west of London. What are you doing? Probably not. So I'll just start the research there and get the bulk of the research done. At that university. And then depending on where that goes. Will depend where my partner gets work as a physio. So we'll be over there for 12 months total. He'll just probably work as a contractor. So filling short term placements of other physios over there. Where? We've booked a tour to go to Turkey. While the, like for Anzac Day. So we'll do a tour there. And then hopefully we'll also go to Spain. And do the Running of the Bulls and the Tomato Throwing Festival. Now when are you going? Yeah we camp, apparently the tour. Like you get there a few days before and then camp out the night before Anzac Day. And then other things, main things we want to do over there. We'll go to music festivals. But Glastonbury's apparently cancelled. I heard that. So you what? Well you're camping there so you get up when you, when the sun comes up I guess. Oh my bad. Yeah. Just a couple of questions. Sunday you were out to brunch with girls, was it? Yep. Isn't that still breakfast? It was 9.30. It can be whenever you want it to be. I was at a restaurant was it? I was at like a cafe. We did actually hand over some like credit card details for some of the tours that we booked. But we were mainly just looking at different tour providers and flight providers. Yeah they're all in one room. We've only booked flights through on people. But we've booked flights through on people. But we've booked tours through several different people. Yep. It is with Qantas. Well it's Air France but the flight from here to Singapore is with Qantas. Are you worried it might be affected? Yep. Okay. And do you have a plan B for that? Nope. Pray to God that they're not striking that day. Okay. So wait, so then about your trip, you reckon you lay to London? I would go via Singapore. Yes. I'm actually meeting friends. Oh really? And then going on to London. I don't think I said before I was staying with friends but we're staying with friends for a few days. Right. They're just renting an apartment. And then you said you're going to... Are you doing tours? No it's a workshop for work. Not allowed to. And then you reckon you're going to Austria for a skiing holiday? Yeah like a skiing holiday. We'll see when we get there. So you've never skied? No I haven't skied I think but most of the snow was melted. Alright. And you're staying there for what and where? Yeah about seven days. So what is this? Hopefully it'll be done through a Masters and I'll do, enroll in a Masters here and then do the research over there. I don't know how long the Masters will go for in total but I'll just get most of the research done over there. As much as I can. Probably will. It'll depend on what work approves but hopefully we'll both get work over there. And then you reckon you're going to tour? Yep. I think the tour's five days. You said you're going to go to Bain for a run? Yep. Is that when they just move? Yep that's what I'm told. I'm not running with them. I don't even think girls can run with them. But we're going to go and watch. I'm pretty sure. Really? Probably a bull's horns. Hell no. You said you're going to do the tomato front. Apparently everyone just throws tomatoes. At what? Each other. Okay. You'll enjoy that. I think so yeah. Like carts and trucks of tomatoes. Have you not heard of that before? No. It's called like La Tomatina or something. Right. I'll do the run. Okay so I'm just going to wrap this up. So at sun edge you go to Brun. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Thank you very much for that.