 Okay, well Friday afternoon I left work at about 4.45. I then went to the gym, just the local Western gym, and then I spent about an hour there just doing some cardio interval stuff. I was doing running and cross training. Didn't stretch as much as I should have and then went home. Had leftover Moroccan tagine for dinner with my boyfriend Tim and then had a rager of a night, was in bed by 9.30. Saturday I woke up at about 8.30, spent some time with my puppy who is a four and a half month old English stuffy and then I went to the gym again for a body pump class which started at 10.30. After that I hung out with the instructor of the class who was actually one of my close friends. We went out for coffee and had a bit of a catch up because I hadn't seen her in a couple of weeks. And then I went home about 1 o'clock. That afternoon I just spent, I watered the garden and I watched some TV. Oh, I was just flicking channels because there was nothing on so I was watching TV while reading a book and I was reading the book called The Slap. And then that night I made, I was on the internet and I was reading some blogs and I found a recipe for pumpkin pancakes from an American website and so I made them and then I wasn't really hungry for dinner so I took my dog Dexter for a walk at about 7.15 because it was still light because I had daylight savings. That was about 40 minutes and then I got home. Then my boyfriend got a call because he's a police officer saying that there might be the possibility that there'd be a job that night. So he was on standby. He got called out at about 11.15. It didn't get back till 4 o'clock in the morning. So then Sunday morning, no, I live a very exciting life. And then Sunday morning, so Tim didn't get home till 4 so I got up early and I left him sleeping. I went to go do the grocery shopping at Belconnen Mall which took a lot longer than I was hoping to. I came home and I went for a run. Well, I went to the Ziggy's Fruit Market. I went to Coles and then Belconnen, Coles and then Woolworths. So there was a lot of groceries. It was groceries for the week. And then came home from that, went for a run around the suburb. It was six kilometers and it took me about 30 something minutes. And then I got home from that about 2.30 and then about 4 o'clock some friends came over. There was seven people including my boyfriend and I and we watched both of the football games. We watched the rugby league, Australia, New Zealand. I didn't watch it. I was watching it because everyone else wanted to. And boring. And then in between the two games, my boyfriend cooked the barbecue and we had a barbecue and salads for dinner. And then we watched the rugby grand, like the World Cup. Yep. Where we lost. Boring. No, not at all. I would have liked to have won just because it would be un-Australian not to. But I wasn't really captured by the game or anything like that. My boyfriend was very upset as well as another girl, Rochelle, who was quite into her football, but the rest of us were pretty blase about it. And then so our friends left at about nine o'clock, a bit after nine. And then Tim got called out again last night at about 10 o'clock and didn't get home till six o'clock this morning. I know. Very exciting. He will may out equal. Oh no, I don't have that much imagination. Okay, just some questions. How long did it take you to get in Belgium? Oh no, the gym's in Weston. So it's just up the road from work. So it's about a minute's drive from work. But it's about 20 minutes from there to home. Right. And you said you did, was it a pump class? Pump class was on Saturday. I just did my own thing. I did some running intervals and some stuff on the cross trainer. You didn't do any step? No, no. And you managed to do that without... Yes, it was stupid. You were sore after? I was sore, especially after doing body pump the next day. I'm still quite sore. Right. And then for dinner, I'd say you had... No, I had a Moroccan tagine, which I'd made the night previous. And then Saturday you went to class, did you? Yes. So the pump class is resistance training in itself, but I didn't do anything else in the gym other than the class, no. And then you said you did some weeding in the garden. I watered the garden. You didn't do anything else? No. Okay. And then that night, Fiona... Pumpkin pancakes. Righto. And then the next day, you went for a very short run, is it? Six kilometers. It's not short. I struggle to run. I hate running, but I do it because I should. Yeah, I went for a six kilometer run just around the same time as you. And then you said you did some weeding in the garden. Oh, I watered the garden. Yep. You didn't do anything else? No. Okay. And then that night, Fiona... Pumpkin pancakes. Righto. Well I just don't really like football, so even if it was exciting, I wouldn't have found it interesting. Yep. And then I also heard that most Australians were actually very satisfied. Oh, that's silly. No, Australia should always win, but they just don't because New Zealand is better apparently. Yes I did. That'll do. Okay, just to finish this off. Yeah. I'm going to ask the questions and what I asked you to do. Okay. So did you go to the gym or not? No comment. Did you? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. To do your weekly growth. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No worries. No. Just take this off? No comment.