 Oh no, well I just, um, Monday, oh we've got like a, my boyfriend and I have set up like a home gym and um, I was doing CrossFit so, have you ever heard of CrossFit? Yeah. So I was doing a CrossFit workout and I did the Cindy, which was hard. You can talk about this time. The whole time? Well, unless you have. Nah, not really. Oh actually I did go out on Saturday night, um, but yeah. Okay, so Monday night I did a CrossFit workout in my home gym. Um, there's, it's in the garage and we've got a chin-up bar, a dip bar, um, parallettes, dumbbells. It's like too little, it's just made with PVC piping and it's like, you know when you do gymnastics and you've got the side so you can do the parallette pass-throughs? I can't do them correctly, but I give it a go. I can do it, but I don't do it all off the ground. Um, so we've got that and we've got just a few little like stretchy things and skipping ropes and stuff. Yep, um, so it was one of the benchmark workouts called Cindy and the workout consists of five chin-ups, ten push-ups, fifteen squats, and wrap for twenty minutes which is as many rounds as possible in twenty minutes. You just do it once for twenty minutes and believe me, it shatters you. Because you don't rest at all, you just keep doing it consistently. So you're doing it, yeah, so you want to try and better your rounds each time you do it. Um, and it's really hard and I'm very sore because then the next day I did a really tough boxing session and so my upper body is just shattered at the moment and I can't even move or get dressed or do my hair properly. Yeah, not really, no. Now when you say tough boxing session. Uh, it was a boxing circuit thing, so I had a partner and we were just doing boxing things and then it was, um, there was some jabs, uppercuts, hooks, um, and then we did like a combo. I mean, I can't remember what the combinations were. There was some running up some stairs, there was doing lots of squats, and then there was a thing at the end where the trainer came through and did a little thing with all of us while we were doing squats, while we weren't boxing and yeah, it was pretty tough. Uh, kind of when you're holding the focus pads, that's your break. Yeah, no, the CrossFit was on Monday night and then the boxing was on Tuesday. Oh yeah, yeah, um, pretty regularly, yeah. This is the sorest I've been in a while though, yeah. Uh, no, it was just, um, like little running up stairs to keep your heart rate up. No distance running in them. Yes, I did. It was my girlfriend's birthday. Her name is Sarah. Um, we, she goes to the gym with me. Um, and then, so we, she hired a hotel in Kingston and we got ready, or I got ready home, but then we met her there for drinks and dinner and stuff before we went out. And then there was a group of one, two, three, four, five, six girls and a couple of guys from the gym that went out to the Kennedy Room on Saturday night. Um, we could probably got there about 9.30. We'd been drinking for a while. Um, and then danced and drank and laughed and yes, exactly. And then I got home probably about two o'clock, just before two. Um, my friend Tracy lives just up the road from me, so we caught a cab home together. Um, yeah. And then the next morning I met up with some other friends for, uh, brunch. We went to Urban Food and Pantry in New Acton. Um, and then I bought peanut butter ice cream from there and it was, no, it was delicious. No, anything with peanut butter, I am all over, like a fat kid on cake. Have you ever had peanut butter ice cream? Really? No, I don't believe you. No. Ew, well that'd be disgusting. Um, no, you should just get vanilla ice cream and get peanut butter and mix it in. And it's even better than normal peanut butter ice cream. Yeah, it's good and that's what I get when I go to Cold Rock. You get vanilla ice cream with peanut butter and Maltesers. Mm-mm-mm, it is delicious. Yes. No, so good. Yeah, that's fine. That's why I work out, so I can eat peanut butter. Anyway, it's full of good fats, it's good for you. In moderation, it's good for you. Protein and good fat. Yeah, yes. No, we've just got, uh, peanut butter on a dip bar. So no, like no cable machines or anything like that. Yeah, no, not assisted. It's not on a wall, like it's got the base and then there's the middle part and then off the one side you've got the chin up side. So it's just the, it's got the two, the, so the pull-ups and the chin up bar. And then on the other side of the middle beams is a dip bar. Yeah. I was doing, I was doing a combination because I was getting tired. So I was doing, starting with pull-ups and then when I couldn't do pull-ups anymore, I went to chin-ups. There was no dips? No. Yes. No, they went with weight. No, not against a wall. Just body weight, air squats. No, no, there was five pull-ups, chin-ups, uh, 10 push-ups and 15 squats for 20 minutes. Oh, knees are for girls. No, they're proper push-ups. Yes. Why, thank you. Yep. Oh, yes. I did stretch. It's just, it was a lot of upper body work and cause I haven't done chin-ups in a while. Um, so it was very painful for my lats and everywhere actually. Yeah. You work? Yeah. Well, I started with pull-ups, which are to the side. And then when I couldn't do them, I went to chin-ups like that, like shoulder width. Um. Yeah, there was a bit of running upstairs. I forgot my water bottle. Yeah. Nah. Yeah. Um, well, there, there's a couple of us that are good friends and then a couple of us that are like acquaintances that are friends, but I've got some good friends at the gym. Yes. Yep. No, it was just a hotel in Kingston. At the Medina. Yeah, a few drinks there. No, I think we got there about 7.30. It wasn't that long. We weren't drinking consistently. There was other girls getting ready. So, yeah. About then, no. No. I, um, we ate pizza before we went out. Yep. It was a good night. Oh, I'm a grandma. Anything past midnight and I am shot. Yeah. Yeah. Whatever. I can't, no, I can't go out late cause then I'm just too tired the next day and I feel useless and I don't like feeling useless the next day. Okay. Um, now you've got to. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.