 Caught up with a few friends. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. So Friday night we left work around five o'clock. Caught up with a friend down at the Irish club and had a couple of beers there. I was on the lights actually because I was driving. He just had a couple of beers. I didn't buy any so I don't know what he was having. No, we just had a drink. A couple of drinks and then at 7.30 my wife and I left and caught up with her brother in town for dinner. Three sisters, Thai. There was four of us so we had some Pad Thai, some a musselman curry, green curry and some larb. Yeah, it was. We shared a bottle of wine. There was a Sav Blanc from New Zealand and it was called Baby Doll because that was funny because yeah, it was a baby sheep. We caught up with a friend. They were out having dinner somewhere else. We saw them at Sammy's Kitchen and then went across to the Tongue and Groove. Yeah, just had a few more beers and had a catch up. We hadn't seen them for probably close to two years. So yeah, just had a chat, seeing what they were up to and some of the other guys were a bit drunk so they were mucking around a bit. No, yeah, I was driving so no, I think we left there at half past twelve and just went home. Yeah, just did some chores around the house. My wife came back into work so that's right, I had a quiet morning. Oh, just washing laundry, washing towels and nah, just tidying up. Well, my wife finished it around lunchtime so we went over to Woden and went to, is it Trinity? Yeah, just had lunch there. I had some fettuccine and prawn puttanesca and my wife had some seafood risotto. Where? Oh, that was at Trinity, at the Westfields. Yeah, we went shopping. My wife bought like a bag, backpack, you know, did a couple of chores, got my watch fixed, got a battery replaced which I think he didn't do but anyway. A fossil? Well, he told me that the battery wasn't flat, that something had popped out but it's already stopped again today so take it back. And that was about it. Oh, we went looking, we went to JB Hi-Fi and set a laptop. No, we didn't, almost did, like a HP laptop. I mean, I got a Family Guy DVD and Vampire Diaries box set. Well, I must admit, I join in, I watch it with her. Watched the footy. I didn't watch as much as I was hoping to but I think the French were lucky to win. Was it going for Wales? It's a pity Wales didn't win but anyway. I only saw the replay. Oh, I think it's a bit rough to get sent off. Probably a yellow card was warranted but I think a red was probably a bit over the top. Oh, I was a bit disappointed. It was a close game so it was good to watch but if it was the Welsh one it would have been better. If that kick right at the end had gone over the crossbar instead of just underneath it it would have been quite good. Well, later on that night we got a friend, a friend was looking for something to do so she came over and we had a bit to drink. So Sunday morning I was a little bit hungover. But still managed to mow the lawn and do some weeding. Well, it's only a small lawn so it doesn't matter. And yeah, drove her back to her place in Macquarie and then just did the grocery shopping. Yeah, we did. We had planned to meet our friend again at the Irish but he piked so we just stayed at home and watched at home. Pretty disappointing. Well, I was hoping the Wallabies would do a lot better, actually threaten to score some points and maybe the All Blacks would choke. But no such thing happened. All Blacks are just all Irish. Yeah, Cooper had another pretty ordinary performance which was pretty typical of him of the whole tournament. But I think our forwards just didn't get the forward momentum going and give him that space that he needs. But yeah, no, the Irish club, no I wasn't, no, I was on the light beer because I was driving. I would just have a, I mean we had shared a bottle of wine between four of us and I had one glass and then the others shared the rest of it. And it just happened to be a long time after that is when I was driving. Yeah, yeah. No, that's the Thai restaurant, that one. Oh, well we all shared. No, it was a white. Yeah, it was Baby Doll it was called. Yeah. What? Oh, I can't remember. I think it was a sheep, maybe. Yeah, yeah, we just caught up with another friend at the Tongue and Groove and then went home after that. I didn't do any gardening on Saturday. I was just doing laundry, yeah, just generally inside the house. No. Yeah, maybe a bit of vacuuming or something but yeah. Yeah, yeah, just washing clothes and washing towels. Yeah, no, no. Yeah, yeah, we went to Westfield Woden. Yeah, that's a restaurant at Woden. Oh, she wants to start riding a bike to work so backpacks for bringing that stuff in. Yep. HP. Yeah. No, we didn't. Well, we didn't really go out to buy one that day. We just sort of saw a good deal and so asked some questions about it. No, I think we're just going to wait a little bit longer. I'm sure it'll be on special again. No, just some DVDs. No, it was the Vampire Diaries. Yeah, I guess I do, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, a bit over the top. Well, I think, yeah, it wasn't a legal tackle, lift the player up like that, but I think a red card was probably not quite warranted. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I think a yellow card would have been sufficient. Yeah. No, I don't think they played well. They didn't really deserve to win, no. Yep. No, she came over Saturday night and I drove her home on Sunday. Yep, yep. No, he had a bit of a shocker. Not a shocker, but he didn't play that well. Oh, yeah, well, he did a stupid chip kick that went straight into a New Zealander's hands and, you know, shanked kicks off the side of his foot and all sorts of things, so. Yeah. A few balls, actually, yeah. Oh, I think, well, they definitely weren't good enough. They dropped a lot of ball and they made a lot of errors, which at the end of the day is not good enough against the All Blacks. Okay, no comment.