 Oh no, not heaps, but I went to the pub on Friday night and then went to the Queen on Sunday. Um, no, not really. Vinyls and stuff. Um, Saturday, so you want to skip the pub on Friday night? So, Friday afternoon, went down to the Irish Club down here, had a few beers. One of the guys was celebrating a successful showcase that we hosted. It was on our forensic capability, um, and then, so yes, he was quite happy with himself and everyone else was pretty happy about that too, so we had a few drinks. Yep. Um, bought some tickets to the meat tray, I won a meat tray. Um, some rump steak and some rissoles and sausages and chops. No, no, we skipped dinner that night. Oh really? Um, well, there was a few of us, there was a group of about five of us and three of us won meat trays, which is good. Yeah. And then we ended up staying there, singing some karaoke, drinking too much beer and missing out on dinner. Um, and then tried to get pizza on the way home, but all the pizza stores were closed. Um, tried to convince the guys at Domino's through the door that their sign says one o'clock, but it was only 12.30. Um, had no success, so went home. Yeah, yeah, through the door. I shouldn't have done it, it was a bit stupid. Um, then Saturday, woke up hungover, um, then just did chores around the house. Pretty quiet day, cooked some of the meat tray for the barbecue that night. Um, then, yeah, just watched Marley and Me, just cause it's on telly. Oh no, the missus wanted to watch it. And then, so yes, and then Sunday woke up, uh, went and saw the queen. That's pretty interesting, yeah. We figured probably one and only time we'll get a chance to see her, so, um. Oh, that was at the church, at St. John's, St. John's the Baptist Church. Geez, the oldies were pushing and shoving, anyway. It was, yeah, yeah. Surprisingly, when she came out, there was heaps of people. Yeah, mainly middle-aged sort of people and women, and some kids and stuff. But, um, yeah, no, it was interesting. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, at least now I can say I saw the queen and, nah, nah. Nah, she just took, oh, I'm sure she said something up to the people up close, but she took some flowers and stuff off the kitties and shook hands and lots of stuff with them and, yeah. Um, went out for lunch, oh, geez, we were at Wagamama's. And, Wagamama? Oh, it's like a Japanese-y type restaurant. Um, and I had, what did I have? Chicken, chicken natami. And gem, I can't remember what gem I had. Um, cooked a roast, had a friend over and watched the rugby. It was a lot closer than I thought it was going to be. I did. France just played good. They decided to play that night as opposed to some of the other times I've played in the tournament. Yeah, at the start I was hoping for the All Blacks to win, but then found myself cheering for France during the game. And then, but at the end I was happy that New Zealand won. Yeah. Oh, no, it was a showcase. Yeah. Yeah, so the forensic office took out all of our deployable instruments, all of our portable equipment, and took it over to the headquarters building and then showed all the investigators over there what we can do at crime scenes and stuff for them. Oh, not really, we've had it for quite a while, but just wanted to, I guess we haven't had too much of an opportunity to show a lot of it. Yeah, we're just hoping that to build the awareness and that they'd probably call us out a bit more often. Yeah, yeah, it worked out really well. Yes, a little bit. Oh, not heaps, just I bought, I bought the guy that ran it one round and we're just in shouts with other people. Well, he had to leave. Oh, because he had some trivia, trivia night he was going to or something. Yeah, I won one, yep. Other people on the table won one as well. Oh, I bought $10 worth of tickets and got $10 free. Oh, just draft beer, yeah. Oh, I didn't say I was a big fan, I said I took part in some karaoke. Oh, no, I sang some, a Rolling Stones song. Yeah, no, I didn't that. No, no, dancing. Nah, just the backing CD. Yeah, we left about half past 12. Oh, I just tried to convince the staff inside that they shouldn't have been closed so early. Well, on the door it said 1 o'clock but it wasn't 1 o'clock and they were closed. Nah, no, just trying to convince them to open the door for me and stuff but that didn't work. Nah, I just went without. Yes, I was a little bit, yeah. Oh, I did some laundry, so I just washed some clothes, so. It was starting to later on in the day, so. That was the next day. Yep, yep. Yep, oh yeah, like we weren't allowed inside the church, but we were outside in the driveway waiting for her. Yeah, yeah, yeah, something like that. I think it was nearly an hour, pretty much, yeah. Oh, and plenty of oldies, not, like middle-aged people as well. Oh, there was a few, not many. Yep, yep. No, I didn't have, no, I had like a stir-fry thing. Yeah, that night, yeah. A beef. Yeah, nah. Yes, oh, no, well no worse than usual. They were probably just as lenient to the French as well. No worse than normal. Yeah, yeah. Well, New Zealand has had a pretty tough time over the last 12 months, as a country, not as a union. So, I was probably happy for the New Zealand people to have some success for a change. Wow, that and Southern, I'd prefer Southern Hemisphere teams to beat Northern Hemisphere teams. Oh, if he wants to, I'm sure he will. Nah, he's one of the best players. He couldn't kick a goal, but, well, but the rest of the time, the rest of the tournament he played, he was one of their best players. Mm-hmm. Okay, no comment.