 I know, I know, that's alright. You can tell me more data. Yeah, well I didn't really get too smashed, just tipsy. You said so. Well there was two jugs but I probably only drank one by myself. Yeah, it was pretty good, yeah. Yeah, it was good, it was really good sangria actually. It's a really good bar, it's the new bar that's opened up in Greener Place. Honky Tonks? Yeah, it was really good. Is that this other one called? Oh yeah, King O'Malley's, that's where I went afterwards. Yeah, it's just around the corner actually. Yeah, it was great. Alright, so tell me about your weekend, you want to start with a farewell party? Yeah, so that was Friday night, so that night I went to my mate's house for dinner. She was having a bit of a girls night, which I was supposed to stay at, but then had this farewell on, so I left, just as they were having dinner. And so I went out on an empty stomach and yeah, started drinking at Honky Tonks. And yeah, just hung out with the guys, it was a really good night. Had some, yeah, white sangria. And then at about, oh, we left I think at about quarter past one, something like that. And then went to King O'Malley's and then I was just standing outside talking to a mate for about 20 minutes or so. And then I went in but I couldn't find the guys because it was packed and there were so many little corners in King O'Malley's. So I couldn't find the guys, then I ended up like ringing a couple of them, but they didn't answer their phones. And so then I decided that I could probably just catch a cab home because I was pretty tired anyway. And I'd had a good night. So yeah, ended it on a high note and went home and yeah, then got up the next morning at seven and went and had breakfast with the girls that I was with the night before for dinner. And then after that, just took my puppy to the dog park, then went home and cleaned the house, pretty boring. And then slept pretty much all afternoon. As you do. Yeah, well I wasn't too bad actually. I wasn't hungover at all. I was just tired, maybe a little bit dehydrated, but mostly just tired. And then I, what did I do after that? Then the next day I got up early and went for a gym session, just did some weights and then went for a run. So I did some interval training and some hill sprints. Well, with the running I did like one kilometer warmup and then one kilometer for time. And then the one for time I did in four minutes and 17 seconds. So I was pretty happy with that. And then I did eight hundred meter hill sprints. So those were each at 20 seconds. Yep. It was really hard. Yep. Eight of them. Yeah. No, I didn't. I was trying to get them under 20 seconds, but every single one of them was either 20.8, 20.5 or 20.3 seconds. Not really, not for me. I wanted to get under 20. I wanted that clock to say under 20. Yeah. No, it was pretty good. Yeah. So then, yeah, after that I just, I went home and then had a barbecue at my house. Yes, they are Vogue, just with some workmates. So yeah, I just had a really casual afternoon, bit of a Sunday session, some cider, some beer, barbecue. Yeah, it was good. That night I ended up getting to bed at about 9.30. So I just cleaned up after the barbecue and then just chilled out and went to bed pretty much. Yeah. All right. So Friday night you reckon you went out, you went out to Farewell Pine on Mandacape. Yes, I did. And that did it? No, I don't know. Oh, it probably did contribute. But yeah, it was, it wasn't too bad. I didn't get too loose. No. Not too jugs? Yeah, probably one, probably close to one because I shared them. So I just bought jugs for the table. Yeah, maybe. You were buying rounds? Yeah, I bought a couple of jugs for the table. Yeah. Okay. And that's all you drank it? Yeah, just sangria. Yeah. No, there wasn't really a dance floor at the Honky Tonk. It's more of a, like a wine bar, like sort of a, yeah, it's a chill out bar. So it's not really, it doesn't really have a dance floor. It's a bit hipster. All right, so then you went to O'Malley's afterwards? Yep. Yeah, there was one of my mates was standing outside because he went to school with Bouncer. So I was just talking to both of them for about 20 minutes before I went in. Yep. Yeah, they all, yeah, lost everyone inside. Yeah, it was, yeah, it was very packed. Yeah, it was a lot of people. Um, I actually don't know. Didn't, didn't really take a good look around. And they were about our age? Yeah, most of the people were about our age. Yeah. Um, so you didn't try calling? Yeah, I did. I tried to call two of my mates, but they're both girls, so they didn't have their phones on them. Yep, exactly. So, yep. I know, I never take my, whenever I go out, I always make sure I'm wearing jeans with pockets where I can put all my stuff in it. Because I hate carrying handbags. Um, no, not many people were wearing dresses. There was a couple of people that wore dresses. Yeah, yeah, I was in high heels. High heels and jeans? Yeah, yeah, they were like skinny leg jeans. They were like trendy jeans. Yeah, yeah. Great look. Yeah. Alright, so then you reckon you got up in the morning not even the slightest bit hungover? No, I wasn't hungover at all. I was just a little bit dehydrated, but not hungover. But instead of actually hydrating? Well, I did hydrate. I went and cooked a big breakfast and, um, and had lots of water and tea as well. Yes, lots of top breads as well. It was a really good breakfast, actually. I had, um, yeah, bacon and eggs and pancake parlor pancake mix and, um, yeah, cooked up pancakes and then like berries and yogurt and stuff. Third wake up in the day you've had. And I'm always talking about food. You're incapable of cooking anything bad. Well, thank you. That's how I get you to cook me. And then you reckon you slept the rest of the day? Yeah, yeah, took Spencer to the dog park and then went home and cleaned the house and then slept from about three o'clock in the afternoon till about 7.30. Yeah, yeah, I got the house to myself at the moment, which is great. Yeah. Okay. The next day you started gym session. Yep, that's right. And you ran one kilometer record. Was it? No, that's not my record time. But yes, it was. I was pleased with it. Uh huh. So record time, what do you get on it? No, the quickest I've done a one kilometer run is three minutes 53. So, yeah. And you're more of a runner, are you? No, I'm a long distance runner, but I do a lot of interval training to increase my fitness. Yeah. So you did eight, one? Yep. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I did, jogged back down the 100 meters and then just walked 200 meters after that, back to the start line and then started again. No, no, just outside at Stromlo running track. There's a running track there that's all grass. So, yeah, there's markers every 100 meters on that course. So, yeah. Yeah, it's great. So you were pretty racked up in this? I was more energized. I feel I'm more sore today than I was yesterday. No, I did the weights first. Mm hmm. I did. It's no, it was a lot of legs as well. I did some Romanian deadlifts and some leg press as well. Yeah, one legged, one legged Romanian deadlifts. Yeah. I was only 20 kilos. Well, there were three weights. Yeah. 10 kilos in each arm. Got it. Okay, and then you said you just had a barbecue at work. Yep. And guess what you were eating? No, we just had steak and sausages on the barbecue, but I made a killer salad, which sounds really lame, but it was actually really good. Every single thing you've said so far has been like awesome, including your salad now. Yeah, it was a pretty good salad. What was so killer about this salad? It was just avocado, pine nuts, herbs, like baby spinach leaves, tomatoes. It's good. It was good. Yeah. And then you said you had an early start. Yeah, yeah, I did. Okay, I'm just going to wrap these up. Yep. You used up to being a cooperative witness again. Yep. I feel so good about it. And Stan's no comment. Yep. Okay, Friday night, do you have someone's farewell? No comment. Do you go on an empty stomach? No comment. Do you go to high school? No comment. Do you wipe your mouth? No comment. Do you tie a jar? No comment. Do you go to the gym? No comment. Do you do a one K warm up? No comment. Do four minutes? No comment. Do eight one outs? No comment. Do weights? No comment. Do you have a barbecue that night? No comment. Do you have a beer? No comment. Do you have a girl? No comment. No comment. Thanks for that. Thanks for that.