 Guilty, I'm not guilty. Basically, I'm not going to be honest. Yeah, yeah. I'll be just asking you to be useful and just like... Yeah, no worries. Okay, so pretty big wedding? Yeah, it was pretty big. Was that the wedding you went to? Yeah, I went to a wedding. Tell me start, finish, or if you did on the waitlist, much deeper than possible, mainly middle. Yeah, no problems. Okay, so on Friday, I left work at about 12 o'clock and drove straight down to the coast to Batemans, or past Batemans Bay, to Murramurrung Resort, checked in to the villa, and then had a cup of tea, had a nana nap. Then I went to the wedding rehearsal, which was out on the beach, and then went to the club for dinner that night. How was the wedding rehearsal? Yeah, the wedding rehearsal went well. It was very windy, so we had a few issues with the wind, but yeah, it was a very smooth rehearsal. And then we all went to the club for dinner as a group, then left that at about 8.30. Had the roast beef, just basic bistro meals. And then, yeah, had, actually I just had water that night. And then, yeah, next day, got up, went for a walk on the beach, had breakfast, tinned fruit, yogurt, and croissants, very nutritious. Then we went for another walk on the beach, check out the weather, and then started getting ready for the wedding at about 1 o'clock. It was raining in the morning, but in the afternoon it cleared to be a very sunny day. It was a little bit windy, but yeah, it was very lucky. And then, yeah, started getting ready. I had a couple of drinks while we were getting ready for that, and then got to the wedding at about 3 o'clock. We were drinking before the wedding. And we were in charge of the music for the ceremony. So what were you drinking? We drank champagne, two glasses each. What sort of music were you playing? No, we were just playing music off an iPod. What sort of music were you playing? Yeah, we played Time After Time by Cyndi Lauper. We played I'm Yours, I Don't Know Who Sings That, More Than Words by Xtreme, and Somewhere Over the Rainbow. All wedding nice romantic songs. Very original. Heaven by DJ Sammy, yeah. So there are a few others. I can't remember them though. Then on to the ceremony. Yeah, the ceremony was great. We couldn't hear anything where we were standing because there was so much wind that they decided not to use a microphone because it was just too much interference. The wedding celebrant called the groom by the incorrect name, which was very amusing. But other than that, it went very smoothly and lasted for about 45 minutes. So we all got nice and windblown, but it was nice. And then after the ceremony, we went back to the villa and had another drink and then went on to the reception where we had canapés and drinks. How was the roller drinks? Yeah, very nice. The canapés were very nice. Your standard spring rolls, curry puffs, like little chicken bites, that sort of thing. And the food was very nice. Had nice king prawns for entree, and they had salmon fillet and sirloin steak for main, which was very nice. And what did you eat? I had the beef, yeah. I had the king prawns for entree and then I had the beef for main. Yeah. Then just ended up dancing for the rest of the night utilising the photo booth that they had hired. So took some funny photos with my friend Susie, who I was there with. So was there a photographer? There was a photographer until the reception, and then from there on it was just the booth. So all the wedding guests went into the photo booth and we got two copies printed out. So one copy went into a book that they had prepared and they got stuck in and you write a funny comment with your photos just saying how much of a good time you're having at their wedding. And then we got to keep one of the other copies. So it was good. So the rest of the night was just pretty much dancing. Had a few more drinks. It was tiny actually. Yeah, you know the dance floors that have the cubes that are all stuck together? There was only four of them. That's how big it was. So it was really tiny. And so the rest of the area was all carpeted, so people basically just danced on the carpet. So yeah, very small. It actually was very fun. Yeah, I had a great time. Not so much, no. Didn't even get tipsy really. Well, at the wedding we only drank Sav Blanc, so just white wine. And I only had, I think through the whole night, I had two glasses. So I'm a slow drinker. Are you safe? Yeah, absolutely. I will never hear this. Yep. Okay, a couple of questions. Yeah. You said that you guys all took a bus to date? No, we drove. Yeah, I drove my car. And it was just me and my friend Susie. It was really heavy that, was it? No, not in traffic at all on the road. It was very light. Yep, so what got to the... We got to the villa at around about 2 o'clock in the afternoon. You said you had tea there? Yeah, we just had tea when we arrived. Yep, it went straight to the road hustle after that. Oh, actually, we did take a nap, yes. We had a nap after tea, yep, a little na-na-nap. It was about half an hour of napping. It's like a power nap. Yeah. Probably why I forgot about it. Okay, and then you said that it was actually stormy? No, during the rehearsal it was windy. It wasn't raining or anything though, but it was very windy. Okay, and that was along the shore? Yeah, it was just on a bit of a headland. Yep, blue? No, we were actually wearing jeans. The rehearsal? Jeans, yep, black jeans. They were nice jeans. Yep, dressed jeans. Very vibrant. It was very casual, actually. It was a very casual rehearsal because the bride and all the bridesmaids had had their spray tans done, so they were wearing loose casual clothing as well. Yes. And then dinner that night, what was this? Well, I had the roast beef and it was actually very nicely cooked. Yeah. It was really good for club food. I was very impressed. No, that was at the wedding the next night. And then the next morning, was it? The next morning was drizzly. It was raining, but very lightly, but very cloudy. It wasn't? It was. It was very windy. And then? Two. Was it one? It was champagne. And then, is it selection? Did you pick that? No, that was the bride's choice. Yep. She had five songs chosen before she arrived. Then as she arrived, she had the song that she was walking down the aisle to, and then there was three songs chosen for when they were signing the registry, and then there was a song for them as they were leaving the ceremony. She didn't know. She walked down the aisle to Somewhere Over the Rainbow. I'm not even a judge. And then you said it was a funny wedding because the minister actually got the bride. No, it was the groom's name wrong. Yeah? Yeah, his name was Brendan and she called him Nathan. It was a little bit awkward. Did he at least get the last name? Yes, definitely. The last name was correct. Did they write it down right on the registry? On the registry, yeah, definitely. And that night at the reception, that was a great night. Yes, it was great. What were the meatball canapes? No, we didn't have any meatball canapes. We had some chicken, little chicken, like nibbly, like the wings, I suppose, just cut up, which was nice. And then there was spring rolls and curry puffs. Okay. And what did the photographer like? Well, the photographer left the reception just as it was starting, so we didn't get to see her much throughout the reception. So you didn't see her? No, there was a photo booth set up and we took photos in that, which was great. There was costumes provided and everything. What sorts did you wear? Well, there was a feather boa, there was a sailor hat, there were big, like oversized spectacles, there was an akubra, there was like ties, there was a crown, there were tiaras. You didn't wear the shoes. I did wear the sailor hat at one point, yes, with the oversized spectacles. A winning combination. And you said, was there a large dance floor at night? No, it was tiny, very small dance floor. But still fun? Still fun, definitely. There was enough room for me and my friend and that was all that there needed to be. And you didn't get hammered that June? No, not at all. No? So you were just drinking very handily? Yeah, just white wine. No, sauv blanc, yeah, very small sips. All right, I'm just going to finish up and ask a question. Yeah, yep. So did you drive down to Bay Bay last Friday? No comment. No worries. Lovely. Thank you very much.