 I wouldn't say I did a lot but I did some things. Okay so Friday night, well I had to drop my son off at a party. He is 16, he'll be 17 in a couple of weeks. It was an 18th birthday party for a kid he knows through squash. So I actually dropped him at the squash courts at Phillip where he was meeting up with his friend Robert. They were going off to have a Chinese feed before they went to the party at the Slovenian club which is in Phillip as well. So he went to the party and my daughter and I went and got some Chinese takeaway and borrowed a DVD from one of those little machines that, I don't know whether you've seen them. Oh no, it's not a store, it's a machine, it's almost like a Coke machine. It's in the liquor store at our local shops and you just basically touch the screen, decide which DVD you want, swipe your credit card and the DVD comes out and then you just return it the next day. So yeah, it's only $3.95 and it's really good, you just have to have them back within 24 hours. But I fell asleep. We got some fried rice and some spring rolls and some Honey King prawns and that was it. And the movie was called Due Date which it turns out I've already seen. But I only watched the first 10 minutes because I was asleep by 7.30. Oh, I was just tired from the week. So my son got a lift home from the party so I didn't have to worry about picking him up. I had to get up at 5.30 on Saturday morning which is a hideous time for the weekend to go and pick up a friend of mine who lives in Canbar. She was helping organise this dragon boating event for breast cancer and so she needed to be there at 6.30 and she had a blackout when she was driving her car last week on the parkway so she's not allowed to drive for three months. So I went and picked her up at 6 o'clock in the morning, her to the lake at Western Park. I just dropped her off there and went home because I had to take my son to golf. She was just one of the people from the breast cancer group, breast cancer. She was one of the people from the group of breast cancer sufferers that was setting up down there because it was an event to raise money for breast cancer research. No, actually her role was to do a warm up for everybody. Yeah, like warm up exercises for all the dragon boat races. I don't know, she didn't tell me and she didn't give me a demonstration so I don't know. Yeah, I dropped her off there and then went home and had some breakfast and took my son to golf at quarter past eight at Federal Golf Course. And then came home and my daughter woke up and I said, do you want to come to Woden with me into the nursery? And so we went off to Woden because she needed to buy some things and then we drove to Yarralumla Nursery and on our way there we saw a crowd gathering at Government House. Yeah, for the Queen, so we decided, yeah, let's just stop and have a look. So we parked the car where everyone else was parked, got out, waited five minutes, Queen came past, we waved, my daughter said, oh, that was exciting, very sarcastic tone. And we got into the car and off to the nursery and 14 and then, yeah, we went off to the nursery and I bought a couple of, well, I bought four plants for the garden, which is still sitting on my front porch and not yet planted. And then I'm trying to think what I did in the afternoon. I know I had a little nap in the afternoon and picked up my son and then I had to drop him at work because he was starting work at four o'clock. And then, yeah, my daughter and I made some nachos for dinner and watched a movie called A Night at the Museum. A Night at the Museum. It was on TV. I fell asleep. I've seen it before. Yeah, I quite like Ben Stiller. He's funny. Oh, no, I didn't. I mean, the movie wasn't that great. It was a kids movie. But anyway, I fell asleep and then went to bed when the movie finished. And then my son woke me at about 1130 to come and pick him up. He just phones me from work and I go and get him. Yeah, only for a few more weeks because he's about to get his driver's license. So then Sunday. Oh, all right. Excuse me. On Friday night. Yeah. The party wasn't at the squash courts. I dropped him at the squash courts. The party was at the Slovenian club in Phillip. I had a chat to him before he went and I said, I hope that there's no alcohol. And if there is, you won't be drinking it. And he assured me that he wouldn't. And I trust him. He's very sensible. And he was home by 11 anyway. Yeah. No, don't please. I might be concerned then. Let me be blissfully unaware. Yeah. Yes. Yep. No, it was honey king prawns, fried rice and spring rolls. Yep. No, only the seafood, the honey king prawns. Yes. Oh, no, it wasn't that it wasn't that good. I'd seen it before. I fell asleep because I was very tired. No, it was actually my daughter. The movie. She thought it was great. It was a comedy. I wasn't unhappy, but I did have to get up early at five thirty. No, I just dropped her off. No, no, no. I'm not really sure. No, she didn't say. Oh, it was the race was on that day. Yeah, I'm not sure. I haven't spoken to her about it on the Saturday yet. Not on the way back from golf. That was a bit later in the day. We'd been to Woden and then went from Woden to Yarra Lumla nursery. And it was on our way to Yarra Lumla nursery that we saw the queen. No, just saw her drive past. No, no. She was literally driving down the street to government house. I reckon there was probably about 50. Not many. There was police there as well. I don't know because we weren't standing with the main crowd because we wanted to make a quick escape at the end so we could get out of the car park. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yep. In the afternoon. No, we pretty much made it together. Yeah. No, I put corn chips with cheese over the top and popped that in the oven and I made a guacamole with avocado and I made a tomato and coriander salsa. And so we had the corn chips with the melted cheese, the tomato salsa, the guacamole and some sour cream. No meat or beans or anything. It was just, oh really? That's unfortunate. Yes. Well, he was in that movie, but I, no, I didn't make a comment about his role in the movie. No, I didn't make a comment about him either, but he was in the movie. You've obviously seen it and we're impressed. Ah, no, it's because I was tired. I had a big week. Yep. Okay. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment. you