 Alright. So, I'll probably ask you. That's alright. It's best that I tell the truth then, because otherwise I'll probably forget what I've told you. Say whatever you want. Okay. Okay. Um, okay. Did you have a big week, Lee? A big weekend? Last week, yeah, too much. Oh yeah, I had a very busy weekend. Oh, sweet. Can you tell me from the start what you did on Lee Taylor's podcast? Okay. Well, um, Friday, my Friday night started with dropping my son off at work. He works at Caffs at Marnika. So I needed to drop him there at 5 and get myself organised because a friend and her husband were coming to pick me up at 5.30 to go to the Kennedy Room at Kingston for a couple of drinks with her and her friends. After the drinks, we went off to a restaurant called Guilt. At that brunch place, did you have...? Probably had about two champagnes. Two champagnes? Yeah. And what was... what happened that... was there a guest baker? Oh, no. It was just a social gathering. So there was four of us that initially met for drinks and then another two girls turned up just in time to head off for dinner at the restaurant on the Kingston foreshore called Guilt. Okay. And what did you eat? Uh, I had another champagne while I was there and a white wine and... And what wine? Oh... Chardonnay? I think it might have been a semi-en... Savillon Blanc. And a Demo Rage? No. Uh, somebody else had purchased it so I didn't really take any notice. Um, and I had a duck and porcini mushroom risotto. That was very nice. And we had some bread to start with, which was veteran rocket bread, which was also very nice. After that, we went back to Kingston to the Durham Hotel to listen to the band and have a bit of a dance. And then caught a taxi home around midnight. Uh, yeah. Went to bed. Uh, what sort of band? Uh, it was a covers band. They were just doing covers of all, you know, a lot of popular music and a few old songs. Yeah. Yeah, alright. They were quite good. They were very good actually. Yeah. What did you do? Saturday... Saturday morning I had to take my son to golf. Then on my way home from the golf course, I dropped in at the curtain shops to get a newspaper and decided when I saw the girl in the organic fruit and veggie shop packing oranges, I thought I might buy some oranges and make some fresh juice. So I bought some fresh juice and some muesli from the organic fruit and veggie shop. Went home and made myself some breakfast and read the paper. Uh, oh that's right. Then I had to go into work to work on an assignment that I had for a course I'm doing through work. On a Saturday. I should have finished it on the Friday but I hadn't so I went in on Saturday to finish that off for a couple of hours and then drove out to Jarrabombra to pick up my daughter who was staying at a friend's house. Stayed out there and had some lunch and a cup of tea and a bit of a chat. What did you have for lunch? Oh, um, it was smoked salmon, cream cheese, capers and lettuce on a multi-grain roll. It was beautiful. It was so good, that's why I remember. Yeah. Yeah, so then took my daughter home and got ready for a 21st birthday party that I was going to at Jarrabombra woolshed. Was there a feast? Not really, no. It was just a 21st birthday party and the woolshed was the venue. Is that a... No, it's just a disused woolshed. It used to be where they sheared the sheep. Yeah. Yeah, out in the middle of nowhere. It's on the Cotter Road. It used to be in use many years ago, but I'm not sure how long. It has to be at least 10 years or more since it's actually been used for shearing sheep. So now it's basically rented out as a venue for functions. There's nothing there. There's tables and chairs, but pretty much you have to take all your own food, your drink, your music. Yeah, so that was... Oh, they had a roast beef and roast pork spit with some salads and the birthday cake. And yeah, that was good. I didn't know the birthday boy. He was a friend of my boyfriend. They go motorbike riding together. So, yeah, we got a lift to the party and then I left home with somebody else. And then on Sunday, I got up and lazed around a bit and decided what I was going to make for a barbecue that we went to last night. What I made, I was thinking of making something chocolatey, but I didn't. Something chocolate based. I ended up, I asked my boyfriend to pick something and he picked a mango tart. So I made the mango tart. Also planted a couple of plants I'd bought on Friday. Did a little bit of shopping so I could make the tart. Well, last night, yeah, the house that we were at for the barbecue, they did put the TV on with the game, but I'm not a fan, so no. Of the game. Was it New Zealand that won? Yeah. I don't think anyone was really watching. It was kind of on in the background, but I think early on they decided that the game was won already by New Zealand before the game had actually ended. So, yeah. So what did you do for the rest of the day? No, just sat around chatting. We looked at some photos that the guy who was hosting the barbecue, he'd just come back from New York. He'd been there for the police fire and emergency services games that were being held there. So he was just showing us all his photos on his computer. They got the chiminea up and running because it got a bit cold. So, yeah, that was quite nice gathering. It was a very quiet night. It was only three couples. It was nothing. I'm going to ask some questions about this. So, you used to drop your sloth early? No, no. I dropped him off at five o'clock in the afternoon on Friday. He works at Caf's in Manuka, just basically as a waiter, sometimes working behind the bar. So you dropped him off early afternoon? It was kind of late afternoon, five o'clock, and I didn't pick him up because I knew I was going out. And I didn't want to have to leave my night out to go and pick him up. So I gave him some money for a cab. He's 17, nearly 17. Okay. So you said you went to drink at the Kennedy Room at 5.30? I didn't have wine. I had champagne. I had two glasses of champagne there. Then you said a restaurant? Yeah. Then you'd go white wine. Was that a Chardonnay? No, I think it was a Semi-En Savignon Blanc. Was that a... I'm not sure. I didn't really pay any attention. Dinner was good? Yeah, it was really good. Was it a... It was a risotto that was duck and porcini mushroom. Nuts? No, no. You finished up? Yep. It wasn't... Well, it was a bit of a mix of pop music and the older songs. I guess you could say some of it was a little contemporary. Fair enough. Okay. Then next day, you reckon you had a really nice... On the Saturday, yep. What was the... The meat. It was fish. It was smoked salmon. Yep. And you had a lot of bread. A lot of what? Sorry? It was on a served on bowls or... On a multi-grain roll. Yeah. And then you said you had wine on the 21st birthday party. Yep. Being in a role of sheep shearing player, you didn't say... No, you could smell them though. You could smell them. You could still smell the smell of sheep. I think it might be the urine and feces in the soil underneath. That didn't affect the... No. No. It's in a sort of different section. Did that give any sort of aftertaste when you came? No. No. No. It's good to know. Okay. Then you said you brought a cab back to your place after that. No. No. We got a lift home with some friends. Right. And then next day, you had a barbecue but you didn't... I made a mango tart to take to the barbecue, which was in the evening. Oh, you didn't have any meat? I didn't take any meat. I had some meat there. Oh, fair enough. And then finally, you said your friend showed you guys all these photos of the edition. Yeah. His trip to New York. Okay. So... He did actually go to Las Vegas. Really? And he did show us a few photos of Las Vegas. They didn't have any... No. Oh, no. Not really. It was the Police, Fire and Emergency Services game. So you have to be employed in one of those three services in order to participate. Okay. Thanks for that. I'm going to finish up right now. Like you, I'm just going to ask you guys a question. Yeah. Okay. So, did you drop your son off at work right away? No comment. Did you go to the... No comment. No comment. Was the social gathering... No comment. Did you go to a restaurant... No comment. Do you drink alcohol? No comment. Have you eaten? No comment. Do you go dancing? No comment. Is there a band? No comment. Golf course next? No comment. Buy oranges for breakfast? No comment. Did you have to do some horse work on Saturday? No comment. Did you eat? No comment. Did you go to a birthday party? No comment. Was it at a... No comment. Did you get a lift back? No comment. Do you have a bug? No comment. No comment. Very much. No worries.