 Oh, that's alright. Yesterday. I didn't do much, but that's alright. Alright. I did actually, I was quite busy. I, um, sure. Alright. Well, Friday night wasn't that entertaining. Obviously, just sort of had some dinner and watched a couple of movies and went to bed. You know, I can't even recall. Seriously, I can't remember. It was, I think, yeah, yeah, look, I'm having a blank on that. I might have just, I just zoned out. I actually sat on the couch and I, whether it was a show or a movie, and I just remember watching it and then switching the telly off and going to bed. Yeah. Sorry. A bad, a bad example. Alright. So anyway, that's what I said. Friday night, I haven't got a lot of recollection for. Okay. So anyway, I got up relatively late on Saturday morning. I normally get up nice and early cause the kids wake me up at like 6.30, but having said that, I woke up at 8.30, came out, had some breakfast, sat down, and my wife was looking at some shopping catalogs, some furniture catalogs. So we started up a conversation and about going and having a look for some furniture for my son's room. He was. Wardrobe for him to put his clothes in. Sorry, boring weekend. I know this is going to be hard for you, but. Right. Okay. So anyway, I sat down and had a conversation with my wife and we were having a look through these catalogs. Anyway, some of the wardrobes were, I think we had a look at one. We liked one, it was $600. And then I said, oh, well, I probably stupidly said something along the lines of, you know, I could probably build something like that. So she said, oh, well, okay. How much are you going to build it for? So I sat down and I worked out how much, how much did it cost to build a wardrobe for my son. Cost of the timber, cost of the screws, the cost of the hanging, the little sections that you put in there to hang your clothes up. What else did I look at? Oh, the door handles themselves, obviously. I didn't really price paint into that cause it's going to have to be painted another time. So I didn't price that. Anyway, after sitting down, well, obviously I drew out a plan of how I was going to make it and that sort of thing and how I was going to cut it up. And if I'd need any further tools or anything like that, which I'm lucky cause I've got a lot of electrical tools so I don't need any more. So drew a little mud map of how I was going to cut the pieces together, how it was going to go together, how I was going to put the doors on. Oh, hinges is the other one. That was the other price I had to factor in there. So I came to a price of about $220. And so we decided that I could make one over the weekend and I did. So we started making it on Saturday. Obviously by the time I'd been down to the hardware and I had to purchase all the bits and pieces and the timber, it was about lunchtime. So we had some lunch, just some MDF, just panel MDF. So yeah, yeah. So it's just a preformed timber. It looks like that stuff. Yeah. All right. So I started cutting that up and I've got a son who's, who's, I should say, I should actually remember how old he is. No, he's 10 years old. He's going to be 11 soon. I say that to my wife. I say, you're almost 11. She goes, no, he's 10 and a half. So I get in trouble. Anyway, he helped me, he helped me actually cut it out. So I used the project to, one, to actually work with my son so I could teach him how to use some of the electrical tools and stuff. I was just showing him how to use it. And I hope, kill a saw obviously and a sander and the electrical drills. I've also got a planer that I used yesterday. Yeah. And what else have I got? Yeah. Too many, too many tools. For a while there, I was getting tools for my present, as a present for my birthday. So after a while you build them all up. So yeah, that was about it. Obviously the electrical drills, the big one, cause I've got to screw everything together and the circular saw for cutting all the timber up. So we, we measured everything out, else, measured everything out and then, and then yeah, cut it all up, started to put it together. I got the main box part of the cabinet. So it was, it's a two-sided cabinet, one with drawers on, one with not drawers, shelves on one side and the hanging space on the other side. So we've got the main box part of that put together on, by about five o'clock. And then we put it away for the night and went and had some dinner. Saturday night, I don't even remember. Oh, I know what I did on Saturday night. No, I didn't. I didn't watch the footy. I actually had a football presentation on. I play soccer. So we went, so you don't call it that, do you? You call it soccer. Yeah. So anyway, our football presentation was on at Ainslie Football Club. So I went in there at seven o'clock and it was up in the, I think it's called the Majura room, which is a big presentation hall. Yeah, I had a, had a few beers, had a couple of Coronas and a schooner of, actually not a schooner, I lie. It was a midi because they didn't have schooners up there. Yeah, yeah. Well, I went up to the bar and I said to the guy, can I have a schooner of Carleton Draft? And he said, oh, you know, we don't do schooners. We only do midis. So I was like, oh, okay. I don't know what that, yeah, yeah. What they were thinking. Cause I always ask for the schooner anyway. Yeah, yeah. It's hardly worth it. Getting the drink. Oh, it was cheap, I guess. So, you know, it was like $2 or $3 for the midi, but. So I had a few beers and I was on the, cause I'm actually a referee coordinator for the club. So I was on the table with the committee members and the capital football executives that come to the event. So I had a couple of conversations with the capital football executives about, well, obviously, cause I'm the referee coordinator about referee and also about football in general, how the Australian team's going at the moment. So not too bad. You know, sort of generic stuff and a few drinks. And then we had the presentations. Obviously sitting through the presentations can be a little bit boring, but. And after that, after I'd had my drinks then the presentation, and it all finished up around about 10, 1030. I was, got a lift home with a mate. Yeah. And I was home by about 11. Sure. I don't remember, you know. Do not remember. You'd think I'd know, but I may have done. I'm reading a novel at the moment, but I can't remember. I did. No, no, no. I was building a cabinet for my son to use in his room to storage clothes. Well, the one that we liked, which was actually from Ikea was $600. Yeah. I said I could probably build it. Well, actually I didn't say I could build it for $200. I said that I could probably build something like that. And then I priced it out and it was about $220 when I priced. I don't know. It seemed pretty, pretty cheap to me, actually. It hasn't changed its price in about, oh, five or six years. I haven't actually, but I'd thought about it because I hadn't decided whether I was going to varnish it or paint it, but I didn't price paint into it at this stage because it has to be painted another time. Probably not. Probably not. Paint's not that expensive. Maybe $50 for paint. Don't know. I'm waiting for my son to tell me what color. I did. Ah, yes, he did. Yeah. And at one point he used the circular saw. He definitely needed help with that. Yeah, it's a little bit dangerous, but I had it all clamped to the piece of wood so it couldn't move. We didn't actually use a hammer. No, we didn't use a hammer. We used a drill because I was screwing everything together. No. Oh, I had a MIDI of Colton Draft, if you can call it. Not it, that's, I believe that's probably equivalent of one standard drink, Corona. No, no, no. Not particularly. The presentation of the actual trophy is gonna be a little bit boring because it's team after team after team. Okay, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment.