 Oh, is this starting? I don't know how to start it. I don't know, I thought you were recording it on your phone. Yeah, because I definitely need to stand up. Yeah. Oh, God. I don't do much at all. Have you raced a bike on a hotline? No. What was the most you ever did on one day? Will you actually remember everything? On Sunday I cleaned the car and made the lawn. Alright, let's go off of waking up. Ok, we'll start now. If you could just tell me, start Friday, what you did over the week. I don't even remember Friday. So that's a good start. How about I start straight into Saturday? Alright, Saturday. On Saturday I got up in the morning, early as usual, and I let the dogs out to go for, you know, out for their business. I went out and got the morning paper off the front lawn. I would have sat around the house and read the paper for a couple of hours and then gone and done some housework. What did you read in the paper that day? On Saturday? Saturday's paper comes in lots of sections. I usually read the local news first. I just can't remember what it was. But then I usually read the births, deaths and notices to see if anybody I know has died. Because I'm kind of morbid like that. And then I went on to read the classifieds and the job vacancies. Because, you know, that's what you do. And yeah, that's it. That's it. And yeah, no, that's good. That's fine. And then I usually finish off by looking at the houses and things like that, just out of curiosity, to see if my house compares in prices to what's going out there. Yeah, there's actually another house in the street that's on for $620,000, which I thought was pretty good. If they achieve that, it might be worthwhile selling my house. What did you do after you read the paper? Well, every Saturday morning after reading the paper, I usually clean the house. So that's not terribly exciting, but it takes a couple of hours. First it's like sorting out all the washing. And I've got a... my daughter has just moved back from Perth, and she's a bit like a volcano, you know, an eruption, tornado's been through the house. So it's quite an effort to keep cleaning up after her. But, anything else you did? Cleaning? Well, I would have cleaned all the bathrooms and done all those sort of things, and, you know, put everything down, and like I said, did the washing and vacuumed. It did take me several loads of the dishwasher running to get all the dishes done. But, yeah, then my daughter and I, we went out to the Tuggeranong shopping centre and to do some shopping. She wanted to get some clothes, like usual, because that's what young girls do. Well, not young, she's 20, but, you know. Yeah, so shopping, you know, clothes are pretty important. And then she couldn't find what she wanted, but I wanted to go to Coles. So then she convinced me to go to Woden instead, because she knew there was a shop there that she liked. So then I went and did the groceries at Coles. And I had this special voucher to get some free cupcakes. And so at the end of the grocery, I checked the bill, and the voucher had gone through, but they hadn't deducted the money. So I was a bit upset, because there was, you know, it was $4, and I should be entitled to, you know, that value. So I went and stood by the, you know, the customer service desk, and nobody was coming. Then one of the girls yelled out from one of the tills at the side, oh, that till's broken, we're not using it. And I said, well, I don't need a till, I just got a query. So, oh, for about five minutes, but, which didn't seem, you know, it was like, it wasn't too bad. And then the girl came over and said, oh, no, because this till's not working, you're going to have to queue up in this line. And I said, well, I'd already been round, got all my groceries, and been through the till once. I didn't think I should have to queue up again. And as it was Saturday afternoon, and it was busy, and there was about, I don't know, 10 people in each line, I didn't want to queue up again. So I said, well, if you can't serve me, then I'd like to see the manager. And about 20 people stopped what they were doing and looked at me. So I must have said it a bit loud. So, a little bit embarrassing. So, did you say during that? No. One of the other girls came over and said, how can I help you? And she had a look through it. And she actually went and sorted it, and found the voucher, and then came back and just gave me the $4 so I would be on my way. But I figured for $4 it was a lot of effort. You know, if they'd just sort of walked up and dealt with it in the beginning, we would have been gone in 30 seconds instead of almost... But after that, then we went back via the video shop, because she thought she might like to watch a few movies. So she chose some movies that she'd like. No, because I had no intention of watching them, so I really wasn't paying any attention. And... And then, after that, oh yes, I had to get ready because I was going to a colleague's 50th birthday dinner. So we went up to the Ridges Hotel. I had thought about buying something new, but just opted for the standard black pants, white blouse, and went with that. At this dinner, there was 37 people. Not that I was counting them, but there was 37 people there, because three people didn't turn up apparently. There was going to be 40 people. I counted them. Um... Did you have anything to drink at this party? I had one glass of complimentary champagne. So it was only a small glass, obviously, because when they're complimentary, you don't get a lot. But it wasn't too bad. And then I drank water all night. So... They had a buffet. And that was quite good. There was a lot of salad things and a cold sweet potato salad. Lots of different types of lettuce and accessories. Bacon bits, parmesan cheese, but the flaky parmesan, not the grated. So that was really nice. There was a selection of cold meats. But then as you went on, they had the hot food, you know, those big round things that you open the lid on. The first one was vegetables, like roast veggies. And the second one was like your greens and things with your broccoli and stuff. Because I love broccoli. And my son says I should eat more of it because it's good for you because it's low in calories. It doesn't you know... Fitness fanatic. And so then there was... I don't think what there was. After that, there was just plain rice. And the other one, the last one was like a Moroccan lamb or something like that. But I don't eat a lot of those foods, like strong foods. My daughter is vegan and my son is a fitness fanatic. So when it comes to things like that, I tend not to opt for them. Okay, I'm just going to ask a few questions. So Saturday morning... Oh, very little. I would have just looked for basketball or the rugby union. Yup, and rugby union. Was there? You didn't see it or...? No, I just sort of probably glanced through it. I think that, yeah, that there was a thing on there about them targeting him, wasn't there? And definitely the spring box didn't like him. No. No, I don't remember seeing that one. Oh, well, missed that. That's a bad player. Alright. And then after you... None. No, I haven't touched the ironing basket for about four weeks, so I know there's definitely no ironing being done. You just folded it and put it away. And anything that needed ironing goes in a separate basket. And then in the shop centre... None. None. And then that's why I went back again so I could get my $4 off. No. In fact, when they put the voucher through, it increased by one cent on the bill because the vouchers they can't put through at zero, apparently, she said. I know, I felt that. Alright, and then you said you went to the Ridges hotel that night. Ridges, yeah. Well, I had the black pants and a white blouse on. I had one glass of champagne on arrival. No, no spit roast. No, just like a pot of Moroccan lamb or something like that. Yes. Ha ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha! Okay, just as you would interrogate all his favourite questions... Okay. Alright. So did you read the paper Saturday morning? No comment. Did you read local... No comment. Job day? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Fuck. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.