 Not really, not much at all. I had a, well, other than remembering that I suck at remembering who I saw in one of the world's best museums. On my way home last week, but then this past week, past week hasn't been bad. It's quite boring though, I rode to work four times. I did ride to work Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday on my mountain bike. Saturday, I took my daughter to work, and I dropped her in at work, took the dog for a walk. Saturday. Alright, Saturday I woke up and then cooked my husband some breakfast because he worked night shift on Friday night and Saturday night. Just some bacon and eggs. And then he went to bed and I took the dog for a good sized walk, actually. Actually, I didn't do it in that order. I took my daughter to work first at 9 o'clock, quarter to 9, took her into work. And she works in a Tree of Life in Civic, which is a clothes store. And then got home about 10 past 9 and then took the dog for a lovely walk. No, no, my husband gets home at around 8, quarter past 8 in the morning from night shift. And that's when I cooked him breakfast. Then I took my daughter to work and then took the dog for a walk around the golf course. Yeah, just the federal golf course, which is, I'm not sure which direction it would be. Just kind of on Red Hill, big golf course there. Came home, gave my brother a quick call and see what he was up to. And then I, I don't even remember what I did. It mustn't have been that exciting. Then I, oh, I put some washing on, which is really boring. Did some washing and just had a bit of a time with my son. We were having a little bit of a chat outside, just sitting in the sun for a little while. That was getting on to around lunchtime, probably around 12.30ish. Probably cheese and biscuits pretty much on the weekend. That's my standard because I don't have it at any set time. And I had a couple of varieties of cheese in the fridge. There was a Danish Blue and a Feta and an Emmental and just had that with some gherkins and crackers really. It's pretty, pretty dull, a bit dull. Some olives and some, what else did I have? Olives, avocado. At noon, worked on the weeds in the backyard. We've got these weeds, not weeds, bulbs and a few weeds. Around, we've just put a pool in the backyard. And so around, when we put the pool in, we had to put a fence in. And we put the glass fence in, which has to, you have to put a fence in to, for the standards. So kids can't get in and stuff like that. And then outside that, there's, we've put some, a garden bed just around the outside of the glass fence. And then on one side of that, in our yard, we've got these old bulbs that come up and they stop anything else growing. There's probably about 15cm, 15 to 30cm under the ground. There's these old bulbs and they're just taking all of the nutrients out of the soil and you can't grow anything. And as much as I like bulb flowers, you know, like daffodils and tulips and stuff like that. These ones, I don't know how long they've been in there, but we found them when we were trying to plant things and wondering why nothing would grow. And then I sort of stuck a little weeding thing in there and realised that we had this whole layer of bulbs in our garden bed. So pretty much for a couple of hours on a Saturday afternoon in the heat, I got some of those out. I put some lock on myself and sort of got cracking with that. And then went for a swim, because it was really hot. So I had a swim and then just made a bit of dinner and went and picked my daughter. I didn't realise that my daughter's boyfriend wasn't picking her up from work till about quarter to five. And then I checked my phone and realised I had to go and pick her up. So that was okay. So went and did that, picked her up, came home. Yeah, it was just some rice with some pineapple. What did I put in it? Just garlic and ginger. Just a bit of a stir fry thing with some veggies, some snake beans and carrots and capsicum and stuff. And a few Thai type spices. There was some Thai basil and lime and a bit of palm sugar and some fish sauce, smelly fish sauce. And rice and then chicken with that as well. Well, John was working so I took my son, I picked my son up from the skate park because he was out skating. And then my daughter had a few things on so she was sort of in and out of the house and my son was in and out of the house with a few friends as well. But pretty much I just stayed home with the dog and watched a bit of TV and I was really, really dull. But it was so nice because I was quite tired. I went back into work on Friday night so my week was pretty busy. So it was nice to have time, just lazy. And I watched Frasier and Raymond reruns. It was so dull. Just so she could have some peace and quiet. Do you? What are you doing? Oh, all that sort of stuff. We've got our place. Our kids aren't too bad. We've got a flat downstairs. There's an area downstairs that they can make noise so that's kind of alright. No, he did. I cooked breakfast for us when he came home from work because he works night shift on Friday and so I don't know. Oh, I just did this last week he did. No, no, he came home early and then I cooked him breakfast. I had breakfast ready for him when he got home past day. Nine. She starts at nine so I left about ten to nine. It's just weekends while she's studying. Just around the golf course. Just around. Do a loop. It's on the hill. There's a nature park and the golf course is in the middle and there's a track around it. Tracks? No, they're pretty much okay. They stick to the golf course and the tracks. Because there's houses around the outside of the golf course too. Walking trails. I have wondered from time to time. You hear the odd sort of thwacking and the golf ball and you just wonder whether it's going to come a bit too close. They do sometimes get into the bushes nearby like the gum trees up. Worry. No, kangaroos on the golf course too. Kangaroos just hang around the golf course. Yeah, they just live on the golf course. Part of it, yeah. And lots of cockatoos and gangangs and native birds. Yeah, they're like a gula. They're like a gula but there's not a huge amount of them. Oh, you don't know what gulas are? Australian, they're like a cockatoo but they're grey with a pink head. Oh, they're cute. They're cute. And gangangs are similar to those. Yeah, they are. But they're cute. Yeah, just rule out of Washington. I do that through the week. I do it on weekends. Yeah, cheese and biscuits and some odds and sods out of the fridge like pickles. Yeah, I mean I've always got cheddar there. Emmental, some blue cheese and feta I think I've got there. Avocado. And some olives. Yeah, pretty much. I've got a couple of crackers. It was like the big Vitaweets. About two of those and you pile up some stuff on them. Yeah, probably. But then I'll have another snack about an hour later. Pretty much snack most of the afternoon. Not so much multiple times because we did have ham in the fridge and we had chicken in the fridge as well. Which I had some of probably about four o'clock. I had a bit of chin. Yeah. Oh, and also because I just want to get the garden beds organised. But yeah, doing up the backyard. Getting the digging patch and gardens nice after the pool went in. A lot of weeds I got rid of and then some bulbs that were just sitting under the soil. Yeah. Big spiky thing that I've got to push down into the soil and then yeah, to get. He was having a sleep because he worked a 12 hour night shift the night before and he had to work another 12 hour night shift the following night. No, no, just had a couple of friends over. Then they went home about 11 I think. No, because they were downstairs. Came up for a troughing every now and again, like get food. Yeah. No. Yeah, chips and dips and things like that. Not that I saw. You know, they may do sometimes. I don't know. I mean, the 17th. Yeah. Yeah. And Raymond. Yeah. It was a bit dull. I don't know what else was on actually. Come to think about it. I don't really know if I could have been bothered. I was so tired. I was just happy to have the TV on and just kind of watch what was there. Yeah. Alright, no comments. No comments. No comments.