 Okay Sure sure yeah, no no props Not last weekend no typical yeah the long weekend I did Okay Friday night I spent at home Although no I did go over to the Wadden Plaza and did the grocery shopping Saturday because the house that I live in is going on the market I Mowed the lawns and tidied up the vegetation a bit Yeah did a lot of gardening I mowed the lawns pulled out some wades trimmed some of the hedges Raked up the leaves left over from winter Hmm yeah, that's about it and in the afternoon. I washed the windows of the house That was enough and on Sunday. I had breakfast with a couple of friends over at Belconnen I had muesli and Fruit and yogurt and a coffee Well that was about lunch time by the time we finished that so went home and had a sleep And I went for a walk Cooked dinner, and that was oh we had a roast it was lovely a lamb roast And watched a bit of telly and went to bed No, not really no no No, no just myself and my daughter for dinner on the Monday I drove to Batemans Bay because I was signing contracts for the sale of a property down there And I probably left Canberra at 8 o'clock and got to the bay about quarter to 10 So saw a friend for coffee saw another friend for lunch Signed the contracts caught up with another friend left the bay about 6 and got home by about 8 o'clock at home No, not really just collapsed No, that's really about it that that sort of sums it up fairly well Yeah, yeah Well, I was just as I was saying to the other lady Trying to work out a venue that she and her and I will be happy with Her idea of a venue and mine don't quite match so there's a little bit of a discussion going on there mainly around money All right, so what do you have in mind? Look, it's not so much what I have in mind. It's just a cost factor So she's got an hour gone saw something that's within the budget that I've set for her because otherwise it's all gonna get out of hand Well, she'd like somewhere in the city, but I the place she's chosen and I can't tell you what its name is You might know it's in Mort Street. You wouldn't know what it is But it's a it's apparently quite an upmarket bar, but she only wants to have a cocktail party So it may well work out to be alright. We just need to do a bit more Investigating and research she reckons she wants about 80 people there. How many did you have for yours? Oh god, did you well? This is the problem with her. She's got lots of relics I want to come and then she's got a few the friends in so I don't know how we're gonna do this But we'll work on it. Some of the reallys might not get to come because well friends are more important at that age. I Know I know that's alright. That's not a problem. I Had the quietest weekend I've had in a long time I stayed home No No, don't like the rugby, but I watched the slap on did you already watch that on Friday night? It's actually on the ABC on a Thursday night. It's called the slap. Yeah, it's new. Yeah Well, believe it or not It's about a little boy who's three he gets slapped at a party by an adult and it's just the fallout from from that It's only episode two. So I don't know how it's all gonna end Did I watch any movie Oh, that was the my brother my sister's caper now that was the weekend before I didn't watch that cath watch that but I've seen That I did watch a movie and now I can't tell you what the movie was No, no, that's how much interest I paid to it. You know, maybe it wasn't a movie It was just something I watched the thing on Stephen Fry last night when he was following his his ancestors to fight they were actually Jews who got Massacred in the Holocaust and he was lucky to have moved to England his family moved to England in the 1930s. So he was actually spared from what otherwise he may not not have existed at all No, I try not to I Didn't plant I did mainly clean up work pruning and pulling out weeds and stuff like that I Will use the back use the mower, of course and that thing that you can buy that you put in under the weeds And it pulls them out for you, you know those things Yeah that work and I just used a pair of clippers to do a bit of pruning back of the bushes I did and I used to write the big plastic right thing off the driveway. No other windows Mmm, I wash the windows because the house is going on the market. So I wash the windows No, only a little one little baby three-bedroom house I didn't take long probably took me a couple of hours to wash all inside and out wash all the windows. Yeah Well a big house is to take me a little day. Wouldn't it really the house I own in Batemans Bay would take me all day No as if she would She's a 20 year old uni student. She's not gonna do it I You get told to do it. Yeah, but do you do it? That's the thing. Oh the lawn. Yeah. Well, no She she doesn't know how to do that. She doesn't want to know how to do that Yes, I didn't need any pancakes I had muesli and Fruit and yogurt. No coffee No to flat whites Yeah, two flat whites I had it's very nice Had a little rest after lunch you go have a nana nap on a Sunday. That's what you do No, I roasted a lamb a leg of lamb I did potatoes and sweet potatoes Yeah, did it in the barbecue? Oh, well we had it for lunches too during the way Yeah, that was this weekend yeah that was um, that was on Foxtel No, he's Ancestors come from that area I think he lives in England and he went back to find his ancestors and was quite stressed when he discovered that a lot of Them have been massacred in the Holocaust So you like what? Yeah, it's interesting. Hmm. Okay. I'm just gonna shut up. Um, just as you wouldn't interrogation I'm gonna ask a couple of questions No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment No comment, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment