 You just gonna pretend to be a copper. It won't work. I have... Bloody hell. Okay, so on Friday night I went out for dinner with my brother and his wife and three of their six children and my daughter We went to a restaurant in Kingston called Figaro Which is a nice Italian restaurant. Got there at 6.30 and left at 10.15 I had the best pizza I've had in a long time and it was really... it was a marinara pizza with salad Which had too much salad dressing on it Then we had some gelato ice cream and a coffee and I had two glasses of wine and on Saturday And then on the way home we went past Cole's Supermarket at Manuka to buy some yeast because my daughter wanted to make some bread the next morning So then I went home went to bed. Then on Saturday I got up and Cleaned the house sort of and And oh, well gave it a bit of a rough going over not not we were supposed to have an open house because the house is On the market, but they had to be cancelled because they real estate didn't have something that they needed So we didn't have that so I didn't have to do a good job So I didn't and in the afternoon I went over to my niece's house and we had a couple of cups of tea She helped with me with an email that I needed to send and then we took her dog for a walk And then I came back and played with her kids and came home and then went out for dinner again to a child to an Italian restaurant, but a different one in Kingston and this one was called a rustic ah and now I went there with my daughter and Then on Sunday I got up and went for coffee with my friend at half-past 10 coffee and breakfast And then we went back to my place so I could help her load some podcasts onto an iPad She's bought for her mum and well, we didn't do the music because she hadn't loaded that onto her iTunes So we just put some podcasts on nightlife with Tony Doerr you would never have heard them in a million years and The conversation hour with Richard Fidler where he interviews interesting people So they're just interesting things to listen to it is it's lovely stop being critical of my selections and then after that I What did I do after that after that? I went to the shops and bought something for dinner and then I come home and had a sleep then I had dinner and Then I watched a bit of tell him went to bed last night We had a stir-fry chicken stir-fry was very nice teriyaki and honey last night. I watched Road wide open it's on the ABC. It's a three-part series and this was part two It's about the place that cars played on the development of Australia and now it got into our psyche Did you watch that? Oh, I flicked over to the rugby, but you know, who cares? It wasn't us. So who cares? Who cares we came through that's fine. Don't worry about that. And I watch Sunday night a little bit of Sunday night and then I started to watch a thing on Schizophrenia on one of the Fox 2 channels I got a bit sick of that too So I've left that gotta be heavy and so I went to bed and read my book right with all that and Huge. Oh, do you want me to keep talking today's Monday and I've just gone to work But I went out for lunch to farmers daughter in era Lumbla and that was lovely too with my girlfriend I'm a little bit of a social animal. I like to do things like no. No, I know I know it's hard to believe that I'm actually a social animal, but that's okay. I did on Friday night. Yep Mmm, it was pretty good. It has to be my favorite restaurant I think for the moment favorite pizza restaurant that was on the salad that came with it too much salad dressing because I would rather they Put it on the side because then I could decide how much salad dressing I'd have it in. No Oh, no, not at all. No. No, the pizza was fine. No, it was a marinara pizza seafood marinara Sorry, seafood marinara should say shouldn't I? Yeah, it was very yummy. I liked it a lot. Yeah, it had a bit of prawns and Abalone not abalone. What do you call it? Octopus what's that called sort of things on it? Yeah bit of that and um calamari and mussels Lovely bit of chicken a bit of cheese and a bit of tomato great good. Sure I shared it with my daughter her and I shared it. Mm-hmm delicious. Mmm, we do actually we actually well we live together But we never say each other because she's always working at night because she's a uni student So I never saw don't say too much of us So we make the effort to go out and have a meal so we can have a chat with each other I'm an I pay so she wants to come you say because I pay oh you poor little babe. You've got no money poor baby It's tough. I've already got two older children. I've been there done there No surprises there to Coles to buy some yeast because she wanted to make some bread No, she already had enough of that. So she had all those ingredients. She just didn't have the yeast. No, no, she no No, she made it all by hand She made it on Saturday morning and cooked it and it was delicious just plain bread and next time she's gonna put some more Savory stuff in it like some herbs and stuff to yeah to make it into a more savory bread this time She wanted to just see how it went. No, I had toast not her bread. Just normal bread. Oh, come on The bread wasn't ready. She was still in bed. She hadn't got out of bed to make it You see bread wasn't ready until about lunch. No, she didn't wake up early to make the bread. She slept in That's one of the few days she gets to sleep in you'd understand that Bernie any student thing. It's tough Yeah, I've been your eyes. Yeah. Yeah, I get that. Yeah. Yeah, I had bread pretty much Yeah, and then we went out and had pizza again on Saturday night. Yeah at a different restaurant No, I was okay, but it wasn't as good was it passed it did pass but it wasn't as good No, she had a different one. Don't know what she had a come remember nothing, but they're only little ones the second night They're in a big Oh stop. I went for a big walk. Yes. Yum. Yum. Good. Yeah, Sunday. What do we do Sunday? Oh, I'll I'll got up in the morning fiddled around and then I went out for breakfast. No, it wasn't Saturday I sort of cleaned the house Saturday morning I sort of cleaned the house because I didn't have to now because the house wasn't open for inspection Yeah, because it's up for sale house is up for sale, but they didn't have the inspection. They didn't have the open house So I didn't have to clean the house. So well, it's good, isn't it breakfast and breakfast? I had toast again more bread. No, it was at the restaurant. It was at the cafe where I met my girlfriend And well, she checked it out there because it goes star really quickly because I didn't have any preservatives in them So it only lasted that day. So if it wasn't eating it went Chooks come feed it to the chooks. We never got choked, huh? That's all it lasts if it doesn't have preservatives in it a frappuccino last night with lots of veggies No, she didn't know just last night for some reason She decided to cook because I'd taken her out for dinner the night before and paid no I know she probably just thought that would be a nice thing to do. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. It's paybeck. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah then when to bed yes that is I Uncooperative Oh no komit the no komit oh, good not that hard no comment No comment, no comment. No comment. No comment no Comment no comments. No comments. No comments. No comments. No comments no comments. No comments. No comments No comments, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment. No comment. No comment.