 I did have a pretty big weekend. It was big as in it was very full and active Sure Saturday morning I Think I was up about nine o'clock and my partner goes sailing so I made him I made us some breakfast We get the paper Delivered to our apartment door. So we read the paper made coffee made breakfast and ate that We had We had toast and I had and I pan-fried some tomatoes and I also I fried two eggs. We had fried eggs on toast with tomatoes and coffee and then I had rolled my ankle the night before so I was hobbling around a bit and I was to in and fro in weather To go to my mom's house Yeah, it is Wasn't a bad sprain that's why Yes, so then I Left home about 10 and I got the bus with my partner He got off at the spit bridge and I went on to mom's house at that gala And then when I got to mom's house at that gala, she's doing a lot of renovations and to her home at the moment But she's doing mostly herself and I'm doing a lot of it Yes, Sydney, yes Sydney on Friday night I got the coach and so then I Put a window in place because it was an old crappy bit of glass. We took that out. So I put it in and We then potted around the house a bit. Mom made some some lunch for my sister and I Yeah, and then we just kind of which wants to sell a bit the furniture so we took photos of that was pretty uneventful and took measurements and then my partner gave me call about About 330 to say that he was in off the water from racing So my mom dropped me down to the skiff club or the yacht club first and then we went to skip club Yeah, so then I met a couple of friends down there and we had dinner and drinks I had a bottle of reasoning with my partner to begin with and then he bought a bottle of Shiraz to have with dinner and for dinner I had I don't even know Yeah That was from five o'clock to about eleven o'clock No, no, no, no, no, this is over about five six hours Then I For dinner that night I had I Had a lamb Moroccan salad because my partner had The saladness well, we were gonna share but he had anchovies. So I refused to touch it. So Not with anchovies yuck, so then I so then we'd finished because we Night was over. So we jumped the bus back home from Up to neutral Bay. So then we went to bed that night Then on Sunday we got up and I made breakfast again and then Breakfast that day we had mushrooms and Bacon on toast we ran a bit gourmet a bit thicker cereal and then when we were having breakfast We decided that we might go out on the boat because it was a beautiful day So we jumped the bus back down to the yacht club and we went on Went out on his boat and we just potted around It's a Adams 10 meter It's a Sailing boat, but it does have an outboard that you can motor around but it's not it's a sailboat They were good for sailing but we weren't sailing we were only motoring And then when we're out there we had friends come past on their boat So we ended up rafting up with them and sharing sharing lunch Yeah, ham sandwich and then we went to the beach and we had a nice little What lunch? Um, yeah ham sandwich a salad and then We were meeting friends at four o'clock at the back at the skiff club because it was my partner's Best mate's birthday. So we met them For a birthday drink and then by the time I knew it was six o'clock and I had to get the bus from this bit to central to get the coach back to Canberra and I sat on the bus and for three hours So you don't drive? No, it's two. I've got a car but I if I want to have a drink over sunday I don't have to worry about drink driving It's good to know you're saying you're a responsible driver for that. Sure. Sure am Okay, just a couple of questions. Um, you said on the saturday you went sailing. Did you? No, I didn't go sailing on saturday No, I never went sailing. I went out on the boat, but it was motoring around. Okay saturday. I was at mum's house Was that your boyfriend that went home? Yes, it was my boyfriend that went sailing and you had breakfast that morning. Was it on the boat? No, it was at home reading the paper watching rage Um, well the first morning I had eggs and tomatoes I had bacon the second morning on sunday morning So I didn't have egg and bacon together And um, you said you ate cereal? Did you eat wheat bits? I never ate wheat bits. I didn't eat any cereal. I had toast I had toast only for breakfast because on sunday you said you were sick of eating cereal Doesn't that in saturday? No, it implies that I eat it during the week and therefore on the weekend I want something a bit different You said one reason you didn't want to go out because you what you did your achilles or something next the previous day Um, I had sprained my ankle and I wasn't sure it was hurting a fair bit So I wasn't sure if I could wait there or go around a mum's house and do renovations with her do bits and pieces If I had a sore ankle No, I walked out of a restaurant in high heels and my ankle rolled in my high heel Um, I helped out the most Just apart from my siblings who did nothing and did this your renovations? Is that was that just fixing windows or include painting? Um included Well the room that the window got fixed in I have already painted it so I need to paint the window seal that the window went into so I had to get The glass in so I can paint it and I thought I could get that all done in one day But I ended up running out of time. So and you said you're the most helpful. So there were others with you helping Yeah, my sister was upstairs studying my brother had been there in the morning But then he left to go sailing and my other sister was at work and she came home and she just watched tv No, no help at all Um, no, they didn't do anything they got away with doing nothing I didn't complain. They just they just moved away from the work so that mum didn't ask them to do anything Um, I think I was the only one who was helping Yeah, I was the only one who was helping That was like my brother Okay. Um And then that night you went to the yacht club for dinner Did you uh, I went to the yacht club for a drink to meet my partner there? And then we went down to the skiff club and had dinner at the skiff club Wasn't it two drinks you had at the yacht club? Actually, I had no drinks at the yacht club. No I thought you said you drank a raising that was at the skiff club 40 meters down the road from each other I can't it was my waist And um, how was your salad you ate that night? Uh, it was good. It was yummy. Yeah, I liked it It wasn't any meat in it was it? There was lamb in it Okay, um, and then you just clocked off early that night, did you? You just drove home, did you? Uh, no, we got the bus home The bus? I don't know what time we left. I was a bit tipsy. I don't remember Fair enough. I didn't know that bus manly at that time Yeah, yeah, one four fours one four threes from manly or you can get the city buses from Roaringhamore Yeah, that's pretty good um And then the next day you pretty much just went sailing again, did you? Uh, yeah, we moored around on the boat Yeah, you said you went rafting No, I didn't go rafting just we put the outboard on the back of the boat and just potted around We just kind of stayed near Balmoral Because that's where the wind Was that's where we could hide from the wind so the boat didn't go too rocky They were but we weren't sailing we were only we threw an anchor out so we weren't sailing so we didn't want to bob up And down too much Thanks for that. I'm just gonna finish up here. Um, just as a policeman would to a really uncooperative Witness i'm gonna ask you some questions and whatever I ask you you just answer no comment Okay, every question. Okay. Did your boyfriend go sailing on friday? No comment Did you eat toast and bread? No comment. Did you eat pan fried toast that morning? No comment. Did you eat fried eggs that morning? No comment Had you had a sore ankle from the day before? No comment. Did you roll your ankles? No comment Did you drive to the skip bridge that day? No comment. Did you help out at the renovations day? No comment Were you putting windows in the place? No comment. Did you already put windows down? No comment Uh, did your other siblings help you on the renovations? No comment. Did you go to the yacht club that day? No comment Did you drink at the skip club? No comment. Did you eat a lamb salad that night? No comment. Uh, no breakfast. Was it more gormand than usual? No comment. Did you eat something? No comment. Was it a good day? No comment. Did you go to your friends birthday? No comment. Thank you very much. No worries.