 Okay, did actually. You did? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Well on Friday afternoon, actually it started around about 11 o'clock, I left work to pick my mother up. This is a big weekend. Pick my mother up from the bus, she was coming up from the coast. And then I took her home and we had some lunch. And then she wanted to go shopping, so I took her to Belconnen Mall and we did a little bit of shopping. Basically I was after some tins, new baking tins, because I was making, I hoped to make my daughter a cheesecake. And I didn't have any, I'd thrown out all my old springform pans. And mum was actually after some stockings and some face cream and things like that, that she can't get as easily down the coast as she can up here in Canberra. So that was basically it, I mean it was no big shopping spree. So we got the things we needed, mum got her stuff and I got my stuff. We went home, had a cup of tea and then I started to make the cheesecake for my daughter. Mum crushed up the biscuits and I did the rest. And the cheesecake, we had 500 grams of Philadelphia cheese, some sour cream, sugar, eggs. It was a baked cheesecake and the biscuit, a packet of biscuits that mum crushed up. And then my husband came home from work and I cooked, been a snitchel for tea, because that's mum's favourite. And basically we watched a bit of TV and went to bed. It was so memorable I don't recall. Yeah, I don't know. I mean really, I would have watched Bargain Hunt, which is on Gem, it's all about antique. And then basically we had tea and mum and I sat at the table and talked and stuff. And then mum was really tired and I think we just went to bed. Whatever was on telly obviously didn't penetrate. Saturday morning we got up and I got mum brekkie and stuff like that. And my daughter was flying in at 11.30. So we went to the airport, picked Susie up and brought her home and had some lunch. And then Saturday afternoon, oh I had a leftover snitchel. Saturday afternoon we didn't do an awful lot. We sat around and talked basically. And my husband went sailing. And we went down to the shops because Susie and mum decided they wanted a roast for tea. So we went down to the shops and bought ingredients for roast. You know, roast lamb and veggies. We had basically, it might have been a big weekend for me, but it's not all that exciting for anybody else. And so we had dinner that night and that was really nice. And the next morning on Sunday I went to the gallery with my sister to see the National Art Gallery. To see the Fred Williams exhibition that's an artist, Australian artist. He was painted mainly pre and post war and died in 1982 when he was only 55. So he was an incredibly prolific artist and quite, quite a lot of his most famous paintings are very modern looking. But then it was interesting at the gallery to see that he also painted really good portraits and quite classical, classical type painting as well as very, very modern type art. That was over by about 11ish. I came home and prepared pizzas and stuff for lunch for my sister and her two friends. And so, well, mum and Susie's favourite is barbecue sauce with barbecue chicken and roast pumpkin. Eric's favourite is just plain ordinary ham and pineapple. And I also decided that I'd have something that I like. And so I had smoked salmon with spinach and creme fraiche. Yeah, that's all right. You can put anything on a pizza really. He ate fish. Oh, that's your problem. Yes, we did. Well, on Sunday afternoon Susie went out. Anne's friends went back to Melbourne. She went home, back to Canbar. Mum fell asleep in the chair. Eric watched the motorcycle racing in the afternoon with Katie Stoner at Phillip Island. And I did some appliqué and a little bit of gardening. And that night we watched the wallabies get annihilated. Annihilated. Yes, annihilated. So what did you do? I don't follow union all that. Well, I was born in Victoria, mate, so I'm AFL, born and bred. But because I've lived in Canberra for a long time and my husband's pretty keen on league, I understand league a lot better than I understand union. I might have seen bits of it when Eric was channel flicking. But we did watch the motorcycle race on Phillip Island. So that was good. Last morning? Sure. So on Friday you said... No, she's coming up from Marimbula down the south coast. No, she came by bus. Right. I drove to the airport on Saturday, pick up my daughter. Did you go shopping? No, I took mum shopping on the Friday afternoon after she got in. I was getting cake tinned for me, but mum was getting... Mum wanted some stockings, pantyhose basically. And she also wanted some face cream. Was she eating? No, no. I had the ingredients. I was shopping for a tin to put the cheesecake in. To bake it in. The ingredients were in the fridge. That included... Yeah, sour cream and sugar. And I already had the packet of biscuits to make the biscuit base. No, 500 grams of cheese. Of the cream cheese. Yeah, yeah. Filly. It's a cheese, yes. It's... LAUGHS It's okay. And then for night... No, we had lamb roast on Saturday night. That was on Friday night. And that... Absolutely, I can't remember. LAUGHS I know that mum was really tired and so she went to bed early. And I was pretty tired myself, so I went to bed pretty much, you know, 8.30, 9ish. I can't remember. The only thing I watched that I do remember is watching the thing called Bargain Hunt. Which is all about people in England buying antiques and selling them at auction. LAUGHS I'm sorry. It's on at between 6 and 7. LAUGHS How are you talking to a generation gap here? LAUGHS Okay, so next day, did you drive your daughter to the airport? No, I picked her up from the airport. So I drove me and grandma to the airport to pick Suzie up. No, it was 11... The plane came in at 11.30. It was easy. It wasn't at night, it was 11.30 in the morning. Did you give your arm a hug? No, he took himself sailing. Yes, most weekends. No, no. He's cruised on a three-man yacht, sailing yacht, called a Lightweight Sharpie. And it's just a... It's just a... It's not a... It's just an open hull, you know. I've forgotten what they call it. I used to, but not anymore. No, not lately. LAUGHS We went down to the shops to buy the ingredients for roast lamb, which included the lamb, a bit of lamb itself, a leg of lamb and some vegetables. It did, yep. No, it was an Australian painter called Fred Williams. Pretty much, he was quite out there in the 40s and 50s when he first started painting Australian landscapes, in that they aren't classical Australian trees. They're a very modernistic view of the Australian landscape. I think he painted before and after the war. I don't know if he was a veteran. I think he died at 55 in 1982, so he would have been born in the 30s. He would have been too young to be a veteran. No, no. It's all landscape people, seascaped. OK, yeah? OK? No comment. No. Comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Committee