 You don't hear about my wild weekend do you? What? Friday? Saturday? Saturday morning I slept in and I didn't want to. I didn't mean to though, I didn't want to. So it meant I wanted to get to the farmers market and buy fresh fruit and veggies and stuff because I'm having all these folks over on Saturday afternoon and Sunday as you already know. No, I can't. No, no, they're not lying about it. So I was running late and I always go to the I've got a personal trainer who I go and see on Saturday mornings. Depends what she feels like. It felt like killing me. It was all boxing. Boxing and planking and sit up. Well I can do a minute and then I collapse. With your feet out. With your feet out straight. On your toes. No, put it that way, it's pretty good for me. And we're not allowed to do harbour bridges. But anyway, so we did all that sort of stuff and by the time I was through I was wrecked. But anyhow, they don't have to go home and tidy the house. Of course we're having people over for afternoon tea on Saturday. It was one that did all the work. Yeah. Well it was because husband had disappeared off into the wild blue yonder. I can't remember what he did on Saturday afternoon but it sure as hell wasn't helping me. It wasn't a girls day. It was a friend who had retired and he and his wife came over and we gave him a, the three of us produced a course and we gave him a sort of a bit of a celebratory lunch. Because we hadn't been able to make his official type functions. I did indeed. It's just a roast of lamb. I did it butterflied, marinated it in fruit juice and wine and then roasted it. I always do my roasts on the barbecue and reasonably slowly so it just sort of cooks over time and it just makes it nice. Yeah. But I mean I don't actually stand there and look at it. I just throw it in the barbecue, shut the hood, peer back inside. So no, I went back inside and had a glass of wine. Yeah. No, it was just a very nice weekend, very social weekend. Just in terms of friends come over on Saturday afternoon and they hung around because they came over to see my new kitchen which I've just had remodelled. And so we drank. That's why I had to clean everything up because I had to have it look and schmick. And we drank champagne all Saturday afternoon. Well they weren't there. They were only there on Sunday. The whole lot. I had it ripped out and started again. Yeah. Including walls between two rooms and all sorts of things. Yeah, it was, yeah, as well. Yeah. No, they started in end of July and I guess it was fully finished including the painting by mid-September. Yeah, yeah. It was pretty good. I mean the slow bit was finishing the tile. You could only lay a certain number each day because you still had to be able to walk around. And then the painting because my husband was doing the painting and he wasn't very happy about doing it. No. Well he did but he wouldn't. I think he preferred to whinge. Oh. Well there was a lot of edge work and because we'd had a wall pulled out, there was a lot of brand new corners and that takes a lot of... Because it's brand new, the first three coats just disappear. You know, and so you had to do it, and it's fiddly. It's not just sort of up there with the roller. Yeah, yeah, I know. I suggested a few things and some of them weren't very complimentary. I know, they're fantastic. Yep. No, no, I wanted to get up and be gone by nine o'clock but I slept in till twenty past. Well, it was, I didn't mean to sleep in. I wanted to get to the markets because I have a personal training session at 10.15 so I had to scream off to the markets. Well, it was a mixture of boxing and weights. I was doing, you know, with 40 kilo, doing an upward row and no, I didn't do any steps this time but a lot of crunches. Crunches and planks. Yeah. I just do it with two arms down on the front. Do them on the side. That's good for those muscles. I'd probably collect. I was pretty tired actually. Yep. Just wiping it down and getting it tidy. Washing the floor. Yeah. I do, but you still have to wash them. Oh, the Sunday I did. Yeah. I don't, no, I marinated it in the white wine. I actually had red wine with my lunch. Absolutely. No, well I don't know. They had red wine. They chose to drink white wine with dead. No, red wine. That's what I drink. Preference, yeah. That was on Saturday. We drank champagne on Saturday afternoon. Celebrate the new kid. Yeah. He did a good job but he whinged about it. I did. I did as much as I could. But he doesn't like, that's the thing, he likes to do it himself but even if I want to help he doesn't like what I do so. A little bit, yeah. He was on Sunday, he was on one of the crash boats for one of the regattas on Lake Burley Griffin. That was Sandra's. They were alright. I didn't produce the olive though. I didn't mind. Oh really? They were okay. I mean, they weren't over the top. You do that. You say the olives were pretty ordinary. I can be unqualified. Okay. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No worries mate.