 No, I'm not going to be asking you to cry. Yeah, no, no. You can make up, you did a crime, I don't really care. We're not particularly into it, so you can actually make up and still lie. Yeah, okay. But yeah, we're just interested in the properties of your voice, and I'm going to act like an op. Oh yeah, I've been through that situation before. Sweet. It wasn't a cop, it was an insurance guy. Used to be a cop, but anyway. Great. I'm just a worthy cop actor. Okay, so did you have a big weekend last week? No, not really. Have you ever been on a long weekend? No, I didn't do anything, sorry. Have you recently gone on a holiday or anything? No, let me think, I actually did, no, I bought a house. That's a pretty big thing. Did you do a lot of stuff moving? No, no, I bought a house in Brisbane. So we bought remotely. Well, we bought it for when we want to move eventually. I'm just trying to day we actually bought it. Yeah, okay, hang on. I have done things, yeah, like I went for a motorbike ride last weekend as well. That was during last weekend. And I watched Bathurst, yeah, sorry. Oh, and I went to a concert. That sounds like a pretty big weekend. Okay, last weekend. How about you start from a Saturday morning, go to Sunday night, and tell me in as much detail as possible what you did from starting. Sorry, I'm talking about the week before last, so the long weekend. Whatever, I wouldn't know. All right, so what I did on Friday night, I went to a concert in, I think it was a playhouse in the city. What concert was it? It was a guy called Chris Cornell. He was the lead singer of Soundgarden and a band called Audioslave, and he had a solo career. And he was just doing like an unplugged set, so it was all right. The crowd were really rude, but anyway. Why were they rude? They were yelling out like at every interval between songs, they were yelling out requests and just yelling out comments, trying to be funny. And it was just really, I thought it was just a bit rude. He got the shits at the end and just stopped talking between songs. Okay, and when you say he got the shits, what, did he just refuse to encore? No, he came out and did the encore, but you could just kind of tell because he was all chatty at first, and he kind of stopped being chatty. Okay. And yeah, I just kind of figured they're artists, let them do their thing. Don't like yell out, they're not clowns. And what did you do after the concert that night? I think I went straight home, went to bed. Yeah, that was it. Did you have any food before that? No, no. Before I went to bed, no, it would have been like 11 or 12 when I got in. Okay, how about the next day? How did you do that? The next day I went for a motorbike ride out to Cotter, a Ducati Monster. Did you spoil it with your partner? Yeah, my partner, he rode in front of me. Oh no, actually I rode in front, not that it matters. It was significant for us because usually I ride behind him and yeah, he kind of insisted I go in front to learn to set a pace because I find it easier to follow. Yeah. Yeah, anyway. Do you believe you did a good job doing that? Yeah, I did fine. Oh, actually no, I got overtaken at one point by a 125 bloody learner. I did let them go past. Okay. I let them go past, but yeah, my boyfriend wasn't too happy that I did that. Yeah, you don't ever get that. I was getting like buffeted by the wind and I decided to slow down a bit on one of the straight bits. I was meant to be doing 100 and I slowed down to about 95 because the wind was blowing me around a bit and I saw a learner and I thought I'll just let them go by. But my boyfriend was like, yeah, it's not good, not a good look. It's not. Especially on what he was on as well, which was a much more powerful bike. Fair enough. Okay. So then where did you go to? Where did we go? Well, we went out somewhere and had lunch. We went out to Tinpin Billah and we had had a lunch at the Space Centre and then we rode back home. Do you remember what you had? Yeah, I had a salad sandwich and an iced coffee and some chips. Exciting stuff. Did you go to the gym? No, I think I went to the gym in the afternoon. What gym did you go to? El Connin. And what did you do in the gym? Was it tight? Yeah, I did. It was just a quick session. I did the treadmill, did the bicycle and the, what's that other thing, that space walker machine? The elliptical one. It's elliptical. Yeah, it doesn't matter anyway. And did some weights and that was it. What a weight training. Just like, yeah. Arm weight kind of thing. And do anything? No. Nothing? Didn't watch TV? Oh yeah, of course I watched TV. Yeah. I don't want to do that TV. Oh right, okay. Yeah, no, I watched television. I don't remember what I watched. Oh, it was the Rugby Union I think I watched. So you were a rugby fan? Yeah, I think there was Wales and Ireland. Saturday night I think it was Wales and Ireland that I watched. Yeah, and what did you think about that game? I was, Ireland were outplayed by a better side unfortunately. I was going for Ireland. Yeah, that was it really. Did you watch the footy on Sunday? This Sunday just gone? Yes. Yes, of course. And what did you think about that game? Same as Ireland, Australia were outplayed by a better side. What did you think about the individual play? Yeah, well, I actually thought, I think that Quade Cooper is a bit overrated to be honest. Yeah, so anyway. Oh, you didn't think much of the referee either? No, I thought he was alright. I thought he controlled the game pretty well actually. Fair enough. Okay, I'm just going to ask questions. So that long weekend, a couple of weeks back you went to a concert. Yep. And you said that the crowd were generally very good that night. No, no, they weren't. They were getting on my nerves actually. So they were getting on your nerves because they were very good? Yeah, because they were like yelling out requests and stuff between the songs. And that's what you said? Well, it was an indoor concert. It wasn't really, it was an instrumental. It wasn't actually standing. It was all sitting and yeah, it was instrumental. It's not really the done thing and that kind of a concert. Yeah, I think he got a bit annoyed by the end of it, especially because they were calling out a lot of songs that weren't really on his list to do. And they were maybe songs that were really early on in his career and he's also done a lot since. So he wouldn't have done it? Well, no, he did do an encore. But like I said, he was probably not as friendly as what he was when he first came out. So a jet? No, I was happy with the songs. It was a good concert. It's just the crowd got on my nerves a bit. Then next day you were at a big event, motorbiking, and you finally took the lead. This is true. A couple of questions about that. You said you were, isn't it Cotton Road? Is that usually at a speed limit of about 100? Cotton Road, yeah, I think so. But when you said you were driving 90 for a long time? No, there was one straight where I was doing 95 and the limit would have been 100. And you said you got over-biped later, wasn't it? Yeah, and I let him overtake. Was it a plate or a tailpipe? It was a P-plater. A P-plater? Yes. So was it a red or a green? I didn't actually look. I didn't realise there was a difference. Because if it was a red, they wouldn't have allowed I to eat. Oh, okay. I'm from Queensland, so I don't know. I thought they had the same thing. No. Nope. That's what I did. You said you had lunch at the Space Centre that day? Yeah. Was that a beef salad you were eating? No, it was just a salad sandwich. Yeah. No meat on it. Yeah, and you had a hot chocolate or something? No, I had an iced coffee. With chips? Yes. Yeah, okay. And then you said the rest of the day you had a gym session? Yeah. Yeah. Was it mainly resistance training? No, it was mainly cardio. I did a little bit of light weights at the end. You said you used a machine. What was that? Was it a lat? I don't know what. I can't remember my muscle groups. One was a pull-up and the other was like this. Okay. And then you reckon that island just outdone by Wales that night? Yeah, in the rugby. Do you agree when some people say that Wales, they actually had the referee on their side? I don't remember, actually. No, probably not. What about the Australian games? There were a lot of bad calls going. Did you agree with the referee? You said he was generally very good. Yeah, I thought he was okay, actually. I think there was one or two calls definitely that probably weren't right for Australia. Yeah, when you look at the replay. But no, I thought he was generally pretty good. Do you think Quaid could have played? Better than the game before, but not great. He didn't really rise to the occasion. I thought he played alright. Okay. What do you mean by that? You mean that maybe they weren't giving him the support that he needed? Yes, clearly he didn't. Yeah, I don't know, actually. No, I wouldn't say so. So you think they just... Australia? Yeah. Well, I think they were probably outplayed in most aspects of the game. Okay, I'm just going to finish up here. And you just have to pretend you're a non-cooperative. So whatever I ask you, you just answer with. Okay. So did you go to a concert on a long weekend? No comment. Was Chris... No comment. Were the crowd very rude? No comment. Were they yelling? No comment. Did you enjoy that crowd that... No comment. Did he obvious... No comment. Go motorbike... No comment. Did you leave... No comment. Was it very windy that... No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Go the gym in the afternoon... No comment. Do you go... No comment. Do a... No comment. Do a do a very... No comment. No comment. Watch this drive... No comment. Who's that man? No comment. Are you good? No comment. Thank you very much. That'll do it for us.