 exciting weekend. I was, well basically, I don't know, I got up and, oh okay you want Friday night? Let's go Saturday morning. Got up, dropped my boyfriend off at his mate's house for a camping weekend and went to the gym. I did 20 minutes on the, no hang on, seven minutes on the treadmill, seven minutes on the, what's that thing called, yeah the bike, minutes on the step machine and did 20 minutes of weight. Hang on, what's the second one you mentioned? Is that where they're like sheen? Yeah, I did some of those. It's not helping me though. My arms! No, well because they're so skinny that they need to, I need, they don't put on any fat so I'm trying to fill them out with things. Everyone reckons I don't eat enough but I do so I'm just trying to. So after the gym I went home, got changed, you know, cleaned myself up, went out shopping and at the shops I bought some clothes. Oh yeah, actually I did, I bought two pairs of shoes, got my eyelashes tinted and I got my hair done at the hairdressers. Yeah, yeah, I just got the roots touched up. Exciting stuff and aren't you gonna ask me what I bought? I bought two dresses and three shirts. Now what else did I do? I went home after that and I watched television all night. I watched Doc Martin on ABC. What else did I watch? I watched a movie. I can't remember what that was. I watched a bit of X-Men I think. X-Men, yeah that was alright. Then I had a Skype with my dad at about 10 or 11 and then I went to bed. Only thing eventful on Sunday was an art class. Yeah, learning to paint, learning how to mix the colours and stuff. The teacher won't actually let us do any painting of pictures until we've perfected colour mixing. Yeah, so we um well a lot of people typically artists do colour mixing by trial and error. Like they add orange and red to get, oh they add yellow and red to get orange and you know blue and yellow to get green but if you want to get the exact right shade it's a little bit more tricky than that. You have to actually select the right shade of red and the right shade of yellow to get the shade of orange that you're looking for. So yeah you have to kind of learn about, there's a guy he's studied the science of paints and colour mixing and he's done a video and a book for artists and basically we had to learn about his theory and how to combine the colours so that you get the right colours first time because oil paints are actually really expensive. So you know that that's what the teacher wanted and so we have to do all these colour wheels where you mix like there's oh I don't know like there's heaps of them basically and then I got all this homework to do. Are you? Yeah, yeah you probably have a bit of trouble with that so yes I did. Yeah about that no I only got up that early so that I could drop my partner off at a mate's place camping. I dropped him off because just so that he didn't have to drive basically because we only have one we share a car, the car for the weekend. Yeah we do have motorcycles but I knew that I wanted to go shopping and buy clothes and stuff so. Carried all in? Yeah no I didn't but actually I did do some stretching. No not really no it's a typical routine for me. Yep no not really but just those particular exercises those muscles don't hurt. Um yeah my arms were okay after those. No though I did some stuff with machines. What did you call them before? Yeah yeah those yep no no no no I haven't consulted anybody no pretty much. I don't write anything no I just go in there and do whatever it's not sarcastic at all. Uh yeah yeah uh yes no no no not really no I'd say middle of the range. Uh well I got them on special for starters uh I think I might have paid about 150 for two pairs and they were on special. Uh yeah uh no casual dresses summer dresses uh no yeah pretty much. Uh yeah actually I did have uh some banana bread at Glory Jeans and Chino. Uh I admit that's not really a proper lunch I was kind of trying to get a lot done in the time that I had though. Yeah I was all right yeah yeah I taped it on I think it was on telly like a couple of weeks ago. He's all right I think I like him in I like him in X-Men but that's about it really. Yeah uh yeah but I don't care you kind of lose yourself in the movie. As long as it's internally consistent I don't mind something a bit way out. Yes well I mean I don't mind things in movies being silly as long as it consistently that way as long as it stick to its plot. Yeah definitely um no not really uh yeah no I well technically I did paint but it was only painting like color wheels so paint any pictures. No this was a workshop um I'm I go to Tuesday night art classes and um before I can switch from using pastels to using paint I needed to do the workshop and complete the homework from the workshop. Yeah well once I've done all my homework I'll be starting on portraits and pictures of landscapes and stuff no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no No comment, no comment, no comment.