 Not really, no. Alright, what about the previous one over the long week? A couple of weeks ago we had friends stay with us, so we had them and their five-year-old daughter. Can you tell me what you did over that weekend, from start to finish, as much detail as possible? Sure. They arrived on Friday evening, but they were a little bit delayed coming in from Adelaide because of the flights and all the strikes with Qantas. So when they arrived, they came in and we actually made homemade pizzas, so the five of us had homemade pizzas at about nine o'clock. We made a ham and cheese and we made a, I think it was rocket feta and roast pumpkin. And because Isabella, who's the little girl, was running around very excited because she was so amped up, because it was nine o'clock at night, it took her to about eleven o'clock that night to go to bed. So it was quite a late night for everybody. I think we got to bed at about one o'clock and then my husband and his friends stayed up until about four a.m. talking and drinking. Really? While you were eating? Yeah, because we closed all the doors and everything. Then the next morning, Isabella had us all up at about six o'clock and it was on the go from there. We all went out to Floriade and went out for breakfast. What did you have for breakfast? I had pancakes and a coffee. So I had a skinny cappuccino. We then went from breakfast to Floriade and it was pretty cold and wet that weekend. So we were walking around and it was raining, so we all had wet weather gear on and umbrellas. Isabella had her face painted and the paint ran all over her face. So it was a pretty active day. Then we went and had lunch in the city. I had calamari salad with chips and a lemonade. And then we got some sweet treats to go back and watch the AFL grand final. It was Collingwood versus Geelong. So Geelong ended up winning. I was a bit torn because Mick Moldhouse last day as coach for Collingwood. So Collingwood actually went down and Geelong won the game. Although I'm not really an AFL supporter, I'm more of a rugby union supporter. Really? Yeah. That's great. So and then that evening we just sat around chatting and we got takeaway. So we ended up, oh no, actually Isabella and I made a homemade lasagna that night. Oh yeah, she cooked. Oh yeah, she is. But she's helped me out. She sort of did everything I told her to do. So that was good. And then the next day they left in the morning to go and spend the afternoon with some friends. And then they came past again and had dinner with us. And we got takeaway Vietnamese from around the corner. And then my husband and I just basically potted around the house, did some gardening, took the dog for a walk, did grocery shopping. Did you watch the game on the way here? I did. Yeah, we watched the Wales play France game. And what did you think of that game? Well, I was hoping Wales would win because I'm originally from Northern Ireland. So I wanted Wales to win as opposed to France. Great Britain, because of the Great Britain Association. I didn't want France. I don't like French. Because that was Ireland. That's not Northern Ireland. It's all the political stuff. So yeah, so if anyone was going to win, I wanted Wales to win as opposed to France. France actually played a really good game. Unfortunately, Wales, their captain got kicked off in the first couple of minutes, got red carded and sent off for a bad tackle, which it was. So rightly so, he was sent off. So Wales then struggled with one player down. So I think France were just lucky that that player had actually gone out to win it. So it was a pretty good game. It was a close game. It was a better game. I think it was probably a closer game than the All Blacks Australia game. Yeah. So it was pretty average. Australia pretty crap. But you know, entertaining. And I'm glad part of us were glad that New Zealand actually did win and not choke. Because I've got friends who live in New Zealand. They were saying the All Blacks would have been absolutely lynched if they didn't win. So part of me is sort of thinking, oh, well, it'd be nice for them to win it at home. But now I want New Zealand to win as opposed to France. Fair enough. That's being recorded. Yeah, I know. You're a New Zealand supporter. No, I'm an Australian supporter, but I'd prefer New Zealand to win than France. So it's like England. You don't want England to win. I'd rather New Zealand win than England. So you're going for France? No, I'd be going for England against France because I don't particularly like France. But if I've got to pick somebody, I don't really want either one of them to win. Fair enough. Okay, just a couple of questions. So when your family, friends, they came down from Adelaide, it was a smooth travel? Yeah, it was. Yeah. Despite delay? Yeah, they only were delayed because of at the airport. So once they got on the plane, it was fine. So it was a smooth trip. Yeah. So you were in Australia for a while. Yeah. So you were in Australia for a while. Yeah. So you were in Australia for a while. Yeah, they only were delayed because of at the airport. So once they got on the plane, it was fine. They went straight from Adelaide to Canberra. I thought they were nice day. No, they managed to get in. They were only strikes in the morning, not that day, not in the afternoon. That's why there was a few delays. So there were a couple of hours leaving Adelaide late. Right. And then you spent the rest of the day? In the evening, yeah. Was it the little girl? No, it was my husband and I. And was that a hit or you miss? No, it was a pineapple and hot ham. And we made a rocket feta and roast pumpkin. She ate both. Yeah. And then you put her to bed early? No, it was pretty late. She didn't go to bed till about 11 o'clock. Really? So she just had a big racket? Yeah, I think she just was too hyperactive from traveling and then having dinner so late. Fair enough. So you took everyone out first and you ate? No, it was pancakes. And that was skim? Yes, it was. Skim cappuccino. And that was bad? No, it was miserable. It was raining and cold. Really? And you guys managed to go out? Yeah, we just had wet weather gear and umbrellas. Yeah? You'll go out in the rain? Yeah, she did. So she had umbrellas and raincoat and then she had her face painted and it went everywhere. She didn't have her gumboots on, but she was splashing in puddles. No, it was great fun. We had a good day. Really being splashed by a little girl? Yeah, because we splashed her back. Oh, that's a lot. Yeah, big adults, you know. Yeah. And then you said you watched the AFL Grand Final that day. And who were you? Were you a fan? A little bit. I mean, I don't really watch AFL, but it was a bit disappointing because I hoped that Collingwood would have won for Mick Wildhouse because it was the last game. Because I know a lot of people. Well, I've got quite a few friends who are actually Collingwood supporters, so yeah, it's interesting. Cool. Okay, and then you said your little girl cooked you dinner that night? Yeah, we made homemade lasagna, the two of us. Was that a beef lasagna? It had beef in it, but it had a lot of veggies in it as well. And then after they all left, you told them you had... No, we had Vietnamese that night, the next night. No. No, we had spring rolls and rice paper rolls and had satay, some veggies, so it was a mixture of things. Okay, and then you said you watched the Wales-France game. And despite not going well against France, you said Wales were right. Yeah, they did, but when they lost their captain a couple of minutes in, it was pretty bad, so they were playing with one player down the whole game. Yeah, and do you agree with most people who said it was legitimate? It was, yeah. It was a bad tackle. It was super illegal. It was an illegal tackle, yeah, you shouldn't have done it. Okay, because after the game, did he actually... Well, from my stance, it looked like it was a bad tackle, but then again, I'm not an expert, so... Fair enough. And then some people are actually saying that anybody said they played alright, that France played very poorly by one man. Well, they probably did. They probably could have won a lot better, but they didn't. But, you know, when you're playing at that level, at this sort of semi-final level, you should pay better, and whoever wins, wins on the day, so it doesn't really matter. Yeah, because Slaa got a big wrap. Mm. Yeah, and he didn't think the Wallabies played a lot. No, not at all. No, they played pretty crap on Sunday night. Well, not quite, could he maybe improve? Ah, God no, he's crap. He should never have been playing in this game in the first place. He should have been dropped after the last fiasco. Really? Yeah. Okay, do you agree with everyone saying that he should just go to Lakers? Nah, not necessarily saying that. I think that, you know, he didn't play very well if it had been other players. They probably would have been benched, or at least not in the starting lineup, and just been rotated through. Some people are saying that they lost because of Slaa. Ah, I don't think it can depend on one player. I think you should be able to play, you know, depend on other players. Because some people blame them. Yeah, but you look at Adam Ashley Cooper, he played pretty atrociously, and generally they didn't all play to the same standard that you would expect. There was mistakes everywhere. I think he had an average game. I don't think it was one of his best games. Eh. But he dropped the ball a couple of times, so, hmm. Okay, I'm just going to wrap this up. Okay. You just have to pretend to be a very uncooperative witness here. I can do that. So, basically, whatever I ask you right now, you just answer with no comment. Okay. So, did your friends come down from Adelaide? No comment. Were flights delayed? No comment. Did you make a date? No comment. Did you make a date? No comment. Did your little daughter friend make a date? No comment. Did you eat pancakes? No comment. Was the weather cold and wet? No comment. Did you eat calamari for lunch? No comment. Did you watch the aircraft fly? No comment. Did you watch the plane take off? No comment. Did you watch the plane take off? No comment. Did you have lasagna? No comment. Did you eat? No comment. Did you watch the whales? No comment. Did you watch the Walvis plane? No comment. Did you? No comment.