 My son's fractured his wrist though, we can talk about that if you like. No, he was walking home from school and he was running backwards and fractured his wrist. He hit a tree, he tells me. I don't know. It's a half cast at the moment and we're off to the hospital tomorrow. Review it, tell us what the go is. Okay. Oh, no. Went to Cockington Green. No. Well, I can, you can make up some stuff if you want me to. Alright. Went to Marimbula, that's my dream place to go, I like going to Marimbula. A couple of hours south of Batemans Bay. We've been there a couple of times before. So we stay at a place right on the beach, walk across the park and you're at the beach. So we have a nice room, it has air conditioning and it's cosy and close to everything. There's a nice coffee place downstairs where you can get, they make nice coffees and takeaway food and sandwiches and stuff. My kids enjoy going to the beach. We can wander around where we stay at the fish pen, you can wander all the way around so you can watch some blokes coming back in with the fishing boats. What else is there? They have markets on there on a Sunday so you can have a wander through the markets. Don't normally get anything, we just have a look. Like the farm, not the farmers markets, like Kingston, the bus depot markets, there's lots of, there's nice stuff and there's crappy stuff. Well, this is like, it's handmade stuff, there's stuff that's made of wood and there's, you know, paintings and that sort of thing, as well as people's trash, which they think might be other people's treasure. So, yeah. What else do we do? My dad goes fishing, takes my kids fishing. And we go down to Pambula to do that, there's a nice little river that comes in from the ocean that you can walk all the way into and fish from. They've caught a few fish there in the past. Normally leather jackets, which you can't eat, well you can but they're not very, they'd be ugly looking fish. Oh, they have caught brim, so yeah. And what else do we do when we're at Maroombula? Just spend a lot of time outside in the sun on the sand. Swimming, well the place where we stay has a pool so my kids and I go swimming. I'm not really into extreme sports, so, not that water skiing is extreme, but it's extreme for me, I'm not really into it, so. You can go out for tea, there's lots of nice restaurants in Maroombula. There's one there that we've been to before, it's a Thai place, kind of tucked away, it's not on the main strip, you kind of have to know where it is to find it. So, a friend of mine, he actually has a unit down there, they spend a lot of time down there and he was telling me about it. So, they do have nice food, I like Thai food, so yeah. Yeah, the whole kit and caboodle. There's a nice place at Western too that does nice Thai, so yeah. In Maroombula, there's a fun park, yeah, yes, yeah. It's called Top Fun. I don't think the locals really like it, but the tourists do, because it's a bit lame. It's a bit like Funland at Ulladulla, have you ever been there? No. Okay. It's an indoor, sort of, they have video games, they also have bowling and those sort of games. Kind of like Intensity, I guess. Yeah, but it's a bit lame because it's, well, you know, locals don't ever like the things that are in their town normally. Yeah, my kids like it, it's just a money thing for me though, pay money for them to have a good time, so. No, that's not extreme, I like ten pin bowling, that's not hard. Do I? No. Well, sometimes I do, depends on what we go. I mean, I don't go out of my way to win, but if they win, that's good. Well, you get paper trade there, you go to Coomber and then you go over Brown Mountain. Yeah. Maroombula? No, no, it's a warm all year round. No, well, it's off the coast, from Coomber, it's on the coast, so. Well, that was from Coomber. Yep, no, no, we don't own one, no. Which one? Well, I guess, an apartment, yeah. Yes, yep, yep, yep. You can do fish and chips, I mean, you're on the beach, that's the same thing to do, and chips. And the fish, well, the takeaway place has fish and chips, so. Yeah, yep. No, no, don't own a boat. No, you just fish off the beach. Yeah, we don't use worms. They use prawns. Yeah. You can buy it from the, there's bait shops in Maroombula and you can buy bait bags of frozen prawns and that's what you use to catch the fish. No. Yeah, yeah, they've been doing it a while. Oh, okay, so. I think so, yeah. And they do fishing charters, so they'll take people out. No, let it go, catch it another time. Yeah. Brim? Yeah, brim. Yeah, well, you can, yeah, the place has a pool. You don't have to swim in the ocean if you don't want to get salty and sandy. Oh, they don't prefer it, it's just an alternative, something else to do. No, they're, no, not where we stay, there's not enough of a swell. No, the waves aren't big enough to surf on. Go around the corner to Surf Beach and that's where they surf. Yeah. Oh, yeah, you have dinner there, yeah. It's not on the main drag, it's tucked away in a little arcade off the main street. Yeah, yeah, top fun. For kids. Well, it's not for me, it's for my kid. Not normally, no. Yeah, follow them around and help them play. Yep. That's it. No. No. They've been bowling and video games and, you know, there's games of like basketball and stuff where you got, and if you get it through the hoop, then you get a ticket. Yeah. Well, if you're tall enough, yeah, your mates will help you. No, no. Yeah, they've got a whole, you know, skill, game of skill, that's what it is. Well, they have plastic around it, though, you can't get in there. Yeah, I think so. Oh, no, not, they'd be lucky to make a hundred. It's good for them. They're right. Amar was, yeah. He's only 8, so. It's not much fun to go bowling if you can't use the bumpers. If you're going to get a gutter ball every time, what's the point? Okay. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.