 Righto. Okay. Okay. No, actually I did. I can't remember. I'm trying to think of a day in which I have. I've been down to Victoria, around Ballarat, Bendigo and those sort of places. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well, basically it was my wife and I. We had five days, I think it was. We went for a trip. The idea was to head down to the Dandedong region to have a look at the daffodils and the tulips, those sorts of farms that are around there. And then head over to Ballarat, looking at the architecture. And there's the old turn-of-the-century type architecture. So we're talking about the 1850s through to about the 1930s, that type of architecture. There's good old sandstone buildings and things. Yeah, sure. We did actually. We went to, I'm trying to think of the name of it, but for the life of me, I can't think of the name of it now. But it's a replica of the old colonial days, gold mining days. And it had replicas of all the stables and the jails and the theatres and the stagecoach, where the stagecoach comes in and things like that. And something hill, it's called Sovereign Hill. That's it. That was Ballarat. Then we went from there up to Bendigo, have a bit of a look around there. It was not an awful lot, as a matter of fact. It was some really nice churches there. And one church that we went into in particular was really quite amazing. Oh, just the amount of money that had clearly been put into it and the thought in the design of the church. Oh, very old. Yeah. In fact, there's a plaque on the wall that says that this church was actually manufactured over a period of 80 years. Yeah. And an incredibly high roof with wood rafters. And these are shaped as an arc. And on the end of them were these, carved in the wood were angels that were looking down on you. It was really quite remarkable, this building. Yeah, this building. Well, then we backtracked and we went across the Dandenong Ranges again. And that was around the areas that got burnt out. Yeah, yeah. We wanted to see the Marysville, King Lake, I think it was, around that area. We wanted to sort of pass through there and see how they were redeveloping and things like that. And then basically from there home. Yeah, it was interesting. You could see whole streets of houses that had been burnt down. And yet a house a little bit further down wasn't touched. And, you know, the real rebuilding process is still taking place. It's still very slow, but you could see people just getting back into it and getting on with their lives. No, no. We went down by car and we did stay in hotels. Dandenongs. Dandenong Ranges. Yeah. The first night we... Oh, jeepers, I can't remember. Yeah, that's the second night I do remember because the hotel wasn't very good. It was very ordinary. Yeah, we wanted to pass through that area because I believe that, yeah, I believed at that time the Dandenong Ranges were really worth seeing. And it proved to be true. It's a beautiful area around there. Yeah, very much. Yeah, beautiful. And some of the largest gum forests that I've ever seen with these enormous trees that hundreds of feet in the air, side by side. Yeah, really remarkable to see. Yep, that's right. Yeah. The Dandenong Ranges has a history of flower farms. And my wife is very much into daffodils and tulip type flowers. And if you come to her house, you would see why. She's got bulbs planted everywhere. It looks pretty good, actually. She's not too bad out in the garden, I have to say. Yes, that's right. No, not contemporary. We're talking more the turn of the century type is the stuff that we were interested in anyhow. No, not quite that old. No, 18th century. No, most of them were made out of sandstone, stone, those sorts of materials. It did actually. Yeah, when we were at Sovereign Hill, it rained. And of course, down there, it's a true replica of the towns at the time. So all the streets are made out of their dirt. And so yes, everything got quite muddy. No, no, no. All the roads are good roads around there. Yeah, yeah. All the roads are asphalt and everything. Yeah, yeah. At Sovereign Hill? Yes. Well, Sovereign Hill is a replica mining town. And so it has a replica of a stream which you can do your panning for gold and things. It also has underground mines there as well. Yeah, we went down one of the underground mines. No, none of those things. Yeah. No such luck. No. Yeah, that was our last night at Bendigo. Yeah, it was a good night. We managed to find a nice restaurant there and have a good meal. And it was a Chinese restaurant. And I can't remember exactly what we had, but it was just traditional Chinese. It was lovely. I think so. I would almost say so. I generally do when I go out for a meal. Yeah, it was lovely. It's an old Catholic cathedral. There was a lot of stained glass windows and all around the walls there was a lot of paintings. And these were paintings of snapshots of the life of Jesus. It was really quite remarkable. The church was actually only finished in the, I think it was in the late 90s. And actually they started work on it in the 20s or something like that. Quite remarkable. Yes, that's correct. Yep. Yeah, really quite remarkable. And the idea was that the angels were looking down on the congregation. They were actually carved into the rafters on the roof, believe it or not. And these rafters are a good 80 to 100 feet off the ground. Really quite remarkable. Yeah, it's huge this thing. Yeah, really remarkable. No, I can't remember. Oh, no comment. Okay. Okay. Right. Sure. No comment. No comment.