 Oh, just working around the home. Just muck around. Yeah. Sorry about that. Yeah, I'm boring. Okay. Well Uh, let me see. Well Saturday morning we had a Property manager around to the house. He's one of these guys that sells properties in Queensland Um, we end up having a chat to him about uh, the advantages and disadvantages of buying property in Queensland, of course um, and of course he was a A hard sell sort of a guy. So, um, we we were Basically seeking information out of him without committing to anything So he finally left about 11 o'clock. Uh, saturday afternoon. Uh, we ended up watching a few videos Yeah with with my wife and I think one of my daughters. Yeah, I think she popped in and out every now and again watching we watched uh a few videos and he hung with uh, uh It's was a tv series that used to be on called dead like us or dead like me and it's about these Characters who were in fact grim reapers No, I didn't my wife picked it Oh, so you've seen it Yeah, it didn't last for very long. So, uh, yeah, so anyway, I um, we were watching the last of uh, Of about three or four episodes or something to the to finish the series off. Yeah, it was interesting But anyway, and then saturday afternoon my son came over Come across from waga and spent the night for us with us. And uh, and I should say also that um, Saturday was in fact my wedding anniversary. So yeah, so we ended up, uh, buying some dinner for the night No, no, no, we've been around for too long for that Yeah, yeah my oldest is nearly 21 and then um 19 and uh 18 Yeah, well I can't even remember my own age let alone there so So anyways, um, so saturday night we ended up just sitting around yakking and then sunday, um, we went on a car cleaning procession where uh, A heap of us got outside and we ended up washing polishing and cleaning the inside of four cars and then uh sunday afternoon I spent um Welding a box up basically, um a box for storing some Some gear underneath the tray of a um of my son's ute and that was my weekend sunday night Um, I didn't come in until probably eight o'clock. No, I mean as in didn't come in from outside Um, yeah, I didn't finish up with the welding until about eight o'clock at night And then I came inside and I my memory serves me correctly I sat down on the computer for an hour or so before I went to bed. So, uh, yeah How's that for an exciting weekend? Yeah, oh we Are looking into the possibility of buying properties. Yes properties. Yeah, this fellow he pushes, um sunshine coast, uh Townsville and believe it or not, uh roma. No. Well sunshine coast is just a It's maroochydore brisbane No, we we don't we're not we're just in the very early stages. So we haven't we're just starting to figure out what we want To do and now that the kids are getting a bit of age about them Um, you know, they're starting to get off our hands a bit so we might be able to afford to buy some investment properties Yeah won't be for them Unless they're willing to pay the rent Yeah, um, not as a rule. No, but I I must admit I did enjoy that series. It's quite yeah Yeah, well, there's only two seasons. So yeah, we did it was something that we could do together For now we sat down and we watched them. Yeah, pretty much we did we went through every episode but probably spanning a period of about Two years. Yeah Yeah, yeah, it was actually. Yeah. Yeah. No, I was with them Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we um, yeah my son but by chance came across from waga He didn't deliberately come across on our wedding of an anniversary anything No, he's a police officer Hmm. So, um, he he uh, he had the weekend off and uh, you know He wanted to come over plus there's a you know, we we're actually trying to um fit out his four-wheel drive for uh extended camping, um Uh adventure I guess which is coming up in june next year. Yeah, my son and I are yes, uh up into the cape york Yeah, yeah, basically he's got a pod on the back of his tray and we're Looking to build in shelving and things like that into the pod so that he can he's got somewhere to store His additional fuel and water and all that sort of stuff tied all down. Um, I can't say I am but uh, But I have watched the series. Yes Well, yeah, we um, we do we have tents but uh, And and we do I guess you'd say in comparison to the uh, the way in which people camp these days Um, you know, we're pretty basic. Yeah, so just a basic tent and uh basic, you know cooking Nothing, nothing can be perishable because we don't have refrigerations We eat out of cans and yeah, we're looking for a month. Yeah Yeah, well that we do Yeah, yeah, I don't know we've learned how to use matches Hmm yeah for matthews Yeah, well, um, it's he he actually had some made a couple of months ago When he got the pod put on the back and the these basically came with it and gave him a bit more under Under tray storage, but the problem is that they're too deep and uh, there's a real potential that the they could be damaged as a result of the Back end of the car hitting down the ground. So what i've done is i've basically Cut the top off them and weld the and and then cut a section out and weld at the top back on to make them Not quite as high i've learned Over time. Yes, and I would I wouldn't say i'm the best welder in the world, but I know it I do know how to weld. Yeah. Uh, no. No, it just um It's just you know, I haven't been formally trained or anything like that What i've learned i've learned out of books and by learning from books What i've learned i've learned out of books and by learning through experience no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment commentり rank omit rank omit rank omit rank omit, rank omit