 Not really. I could probably talk about this this weekend. I did a few things at night. Um, okay, so on Friday night I went out for a farewell, yep, well drinks at um, in Civics. And then on Saturday, oh no, well there's not much to say probably. Well I didn't, I had a pretty quiet one. I went like late and I only stayed for a few hours and then I went home. So I didn't kick on like I'm sure some people did. No. Oh well yeah I was home earlier than that but yeah so um, I did that and then on Saturday I got up and I went to the gym. I did a class, um, no I did pump. Um, good name I know. Um, it's basically like weights, yeah, um, reasonably little ones. Yeah, dumb little weights, nothing. Um, after the gym I came into work, came straight to work. I got a coffee on the way. Got a coffee from me and the girl who I was working with and then pretty much worked until about six that night. Yeah, so that was about, about 11 till six and then, exciting, hey I'm getting overtime for it, that's a good thing. Um, and then that night I had something else on. I do, yeah, I had a some sort of party I think. Yeah, um, I do, I can't even remember now. Um, but anyway, so I had a dinner I think, dinner thing. So I had a pretty quiet on Saturday as well and then, um, I, that's right, I had a birthday dinner thing on, on Saturday in Kingston. So that was pretty quiet as well because I had to work the next day. And then I came to work on Sunday morning as well and then on, worked not, not quite as late on Saturday, on Sunday, but then I work, went from work, went, picked up my housemates and we went out to dinner on Sunday. Yep, and then went out to dinner with a few friends and that's pretty much it. Is that enough? Um, so yeah, I went, went from dinner and then I, we came home and I did like heaps of washing because I had a really busy weekend, really busy weekend, so I didn't have time to do all like the housework stuff. Washing and probably watch some TV. Um, oh, we had, um, this show on about, it was on ABC2, I think, about kids who were born to prostitutes in India or something, like the kids of prostitutes in India and like their life. Yeah, it wasn't like, it was about more the kids' lives, like how they have kind of rough life and this person trying to like get them out of poverty and stuff. So it's a documentary kind of thing. I think that'd probably be it. I went to bed. Do you want me to talk about Monday? Exciting. Yes. Um, I wasn't part of a group, but I did get there reasonably late. Yeah, um, I got there about eight, I think. Yeah, or late, late, maybe 8.30. Yeah, maybe 8.30. Oh, no, I, well, I was, I think it was supposed to get there at 7.30 and so I got there at like 8, 8.30. Yeah, it wasn't that late and then there was a few people who came later than me, so, um, but like, it wasn't like a, you have to be there on time, it's a bar, so you kind of just rocked up whenever you wanted to, really. Yeah, it's kind of cocktail-y, pub-y, yeah, really like a club. Um, no, most of us were in jeans, I think. No, like not, not like a club, like a RSL club kind of clothes, not like flannies and stuff, but not like really fancy clothes. Um, yeah, I was in black jeans and like a nice top. Yeah, it was pretty, it was really busy and quite noisy there, so you couldn't really, yeah, no, it was really noisy. Um, I don't remember that. No, there was, there was like heaps of people, it was really busy and like obviously music and so it was just the background noise, it was really loud and there was a few people who were getting a little bit tipsy on sangria, but I wouldn't thought they were, oh, could be, I didn't see that. There was, there was a lot of jugs of sangria on, they did. Yep, um, yeah, about that. Uh, no, I drove home because I wasn't drinking that night. I had like a wine or two, but over like four hours, so I don't know where she lives. And I did, I drove in, so I had to get my car. I live in, um, Florey, so Bill Connins. It's not too far, but I had to go to work the next day, so I needed to have my car really. Uh, no, I got up to the gym at ten. Yep, um, I think you can make it hard if you want to, but if you, like some people go crazy and it's like a lift a bazillion weights, but I, yeah, yeah, you have to do like the certain movements, but then you pick how much weight you want on it though. Um, not too heavy, pretty, yeah, I challenged myself, but not like some of the guys do. Mm-hmm, quite a lot of guys in there. Yep, some of them try to, it's pretty funny. Most of them are like, it's repetitive movement, so you can't, um, yeah, usually they'd have 20 to 30, I guess, so not, not, not really heavy, but because you have to do weight pretty much like a straight two or three minutes, so it's not like you're just doing one really heavy rep, so, but yeah. Yep, uh, no, I had, we're not allowed to have working bars, so I had someone with me. Yes, um, yeah, no, because I drove home again that night too, but we had to wait. We had to, um, we got there and our table wasn't ready, so we had to wait for an hour for our table to be ready. Yep, so we weren't real happy about that, and then we had to wait like another half an hour, an hour for food to come out, so by the time we finished dinner, it was pretty late. Yeah, about that, which is late considering if you started dinner at seven, so yep, yep, pretty much. Um, yeah, and I went to dinner that night as well. Yeah, I did. After dinner, I, we went, I took, I picked up my housemates after work and we drove to dinner, and then we had dinner with some friends, and then I went home and watched the ABC documentary. Yeah, it was pretty, like, we, I think it started at 6.30, and we were done by like, eight, so five months we got home. Um, yeah, it was pretty early. Yeah, no comment, no comment, no, comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no No comment.