 Um, not a lot, pretty quiet weekend really. What about the previous one I attended? Um, yeah, a little bit. I just need to get you back on your feet here. Have you gone on a holiday recently? Um, I went to China a few months ago. You do a lot there. Yeah, a fair bit. Do you mind, Rick, how about we get you to tell us? I'll try and remember, but I can't. Well, see if you can make up anything you like. Yeah, well, more likely trip this time. Yeah, yeah. So, as best you can, just tell me exactly what you did on your trip to China from start. There's much details. Okay, um, I went over, the start of the trip was, started with a bike tour where I went, um, like, kind of like mountain biking, but riding with a group of people, mostly from Australia and mostly from Canberra. So, um, we started in Kunming, which is a town in, like, kind of south, yeah, south China, I guess. And, um, we, like, met up there and kind of had dinner and a couple of drinks and kind of met the group. How far did you ride? Um, I don't know exactly, but it was like hundreds of kilometres. It was over two, like, two weeks, I think, or just about ten, ten days, I think, so. How did you have the dinner? Um, I think we just, we got, we ended up getting there in the afternoon, so we kind of had a pretty chilled afternoon and then, um, went just to, like, a local restaurant. So, we just had kind of, like, fish and rice and we didn't really know exactly what we were ordering, so. That's fun. Did you have any? Um, nah, we might have had some, might have had a couple of beers there, but we had, um, we went back to the hotel and had a couple of beers and stuff at the local hotel bar. Did they serve? Um, yeah, they, where, that hotel, they served, like, local Chinese beer. Um, they have, there's two that they had, there was one that was, um, I can't even remember now. Yicintao? Yeah, Yicintao was one of them and there was another one that we had quite a bit, but, um, I can't remember. Maybe Tiger? No, I don't think so. I can't remember. Alright, never mind. Um, so, what do, uh... I think the next day we, was the actual official, or the next night was the official start of the tour, so we, um, had the day, we went to a, this, I think it's called, it's a stone forest, um, and it's just outside the town pretty much, and we got on a bus and had to go out there. It's a tourist attraction, so there's, like, heaps of tourists there. And they, um, they, it's basically a natural rock kind of formation, it's all these kind of pillars of, I don't even know what sort of stone it is, but, limestone kind of thing, and so it's kind of like a forest of stone, I guess. What else was there? Um, that was pretty much it. A lot of it was, um, quite touristy, so there was the usual kind of tourist, um, buildings and selling, like, um, tourist selling, kind of, all that sort of touristy crap stuff. Um, I think we pretty much went back into town after that and, um, met up with everyone else who, who'd arrived that day, and we had dinner and, and, actually we had to leave really early the next morning. Where did you go? Um, we got on a plane and flew to, um, another part of China, another kind of town there, and that was where the actual ride was going to start, so we met, we picked up our bikes and that sort of thing. Um, where we were staying was kind of just outside the main town area, but it had lots of little markets and, of running along the stream, and so we kind of had a look around the little markets and, and then, um, yeah, had dinner and everything, and then we went into the, that night we went into the main area of the town, which was quite, like, in the older area of the town, it was more touristy, so lots of, um, lots of buildings and lots of, and there was a few people dressed up in, like, local, um, costumes trying to, like, you know, you can get pictures with them and stuff, and there was lots of markets and food and things around there too. Um, some of them had, some of them, like, they had horses as well, so, um, the guys, the couple of the guys had, like, lots of fur, it was like furry kind of jackets, obviously, like, some sort of animal, and then a hat with the tail sticking out the back, and, yeah. Um, did you visit any of the main cities, like? Um, no, we went to, we went to Hong Kong after the tour, but pretty much the tour was started in Kunming and ended in Kunming, so we went through, like, Tiger Leaping Gorge, but nowhere, kind of. What did you do in Hong Kong? Um, we did a bit of shopping, bit of sightseeing, bit of everything, really. Whereabouts were you shopping? Um, we did a bit, or we kind of checked out both sides, like, the Hong Kong island and, um, the other side, which I think is Kowloon, so we kind of, yeah, wondered about both those areas. Alright, just a couple of questions. Um, first of all, you said you went on a trip, and that lasted what? Um, nah, it was ten days. And that, okay, so you're in... Um, yeah....the tour. Um, I think we were there for, maybe, like, my friends and I were there for maybe, you know, twelve days, but the tour actually went for ten days. Okay. So we started and finished within ten days. Yeah. And as you saw, did you guys ride? Um, nah, we caught a bus from Kunming. What was, um, what was so good about it? A lot of... Um, it was a little bit, it was mostly the rock, the stone, like, kind of pillars. What sort of that was it? Um, I'm not 100% sure, but I think it was, like, limestone or something like that. It was, like, a sort of limestone, maybe, like... Um, I don't know, there was some, like, lakey things, but there wasn't a lot, like, around the rocks, really. And, um, you said the other thing you did was do a bit of brain, uh, souvenirs. Um, which markets? Um, the local East End. Um, uh, I don't know, probably a couple. I didn't, I didn't buy much early on the tour, so I had to carry it. Um, I think I bought a ring there. Yeah, I had, like, um, priced them off for it. No, I had some friends who did, but no, I didn't. I saw some, like, quite a lot of jade, though. Was that real jade or...? Probably fake, but... Nah. Okay, and then, um, you said you met up with a lot of the local, local people in Austria. Yep. And they were riding... Uh, they had horses with them. I don't think I ever saw them riding them, but they were, like, standing next to them, holding them. And these cogs, were they, like...? Nah, they had, like, lots of fur on them. So, yeah. What kind of fur was that? Um, and they looked like, and some sort of, not, it wasn't wool, it was, like, I actually had fur hanging off it, so something that had quite a lot of, it was, like, yak or something, but something with a lot of hair. And then you said after the tour you went, uh, how often? Uh, quite a, quite a bit, I think. At least a couple of times. Yeah, yeah, we could've gone a few times, yep. And you said you stayed in camp. Um, yeah, we did, we stayed on the, on the Kowloon side. Yep. And you were shopping. Um, yeah, a bit of shopping, bit of sightseeing, everything. Okay, thanks for that. I'm gonna wrap this up. Um, basically, what you have to do now is sort of ask any question that I say, you just... Okay, yep....for, did you go on a bike tour in China? Uh, no comment. Was your growth only from... No comment. Was this... No comment. Did the bike tour last... No comment....enjoy... No comment. Did you drink any Sing Tao beer? No comment. Did you... No comment. Visit the... No comment....Chu... No comment....Chu... No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.