 Everybody's got a copy of Angry Birds. Try to make it interesting. We're just making it up as we go along. Um, nah, actually I do spend most of my time working on other people's computers. Okay, yeah, we'll sort out something, make it up as we go along. Well, let's see. I went round to Julian's place, kicked off that early. After we got up, had breakfast, got round to Julian's place, got kitted out, ready for some fencing. Yes, swords. No, no, no, kitted. Me. My son actually came along, he's 15, but, uh, nice pair of leather gloves. That's all. Wusses wear armour. It's supposed to be every Saturday. Just lately I've had problems with my knee, so I haven't been going every Saturday, but, uh, you know. Oh, well, I'm fairly aggressive and fairly good at it, so I won. Well, let's see. First up, I used my three-ring Italian rapier against a fellow who was using a Spanish rapier. We were showing him how to do the proper footwork in the circle. We're working from, um, oh, I can't remember the name of the, I think it's Ficini's. I'm pretty sure it's Ficini is the manuscript we're working from at the moment. Um, can't remember what the number is. Ficini's 041 or something like that. Uh, in any case, right at the moment we're learning proper circle work, because unlike what you see in the movies, you don't actually just race up to someone and, and, and bang them away and going back and forth and back and forth and back and forth. That's modern fencing. You, you have to stay on a piece, which is just a narrow strip that you're not allowed to step off of. In proper sword fighting, proper fencing, then generally the movement is sideways rather than back and forth. Yeah. Going sideways? No, no, you're not going sideways in a line. You're going in a circle. No, no, no. I mean, someone comes to, to, to thrust, you parry. Um, that's like just straight face to face and you can go back and forth that way. But if you want to do it properly, you've not only got to parry, but you've got to do a riposte. Now, remembering they're wearing a shield or carrying a shield or something like that. So what you would do is you would parry their, their thrust. You would step to the side and deliver a riposte so that you're trying to stab them in their side rather than in the front. And that basically means you tend to go in circles. We did a bit of work with quarterstaff, an eight foot long oak stick, about inch and a half in diameter, quarterstaff. And, well then what we did was, had some lunch, went through and did some fine pointing work with sword and buckler. And then later on in the afternoon we packed it in and came home. Well, I was pretty tired and sore at the end of the day, so not a real lot. Well, the swords are blunt, but when they hit you, they do hurt. No, the tablets I'm on don't like alcohol. Um, oh, I spent time with the kids. Uh, oh God, television, what was it? I think we watched a video. I can't really remember what it was, something completely forgettable. No, I tend to fall asleep halfway through them. Well, not as regularly as I'd like, but yes, I've got a problem with my knee. Well, it affects the way I stand. I can't, I can't put pressure on it very easily, so I don't, uh, tend to move as fluidly as I should be able to. Well, ballet dancers who want to be good ballet dancers take up fencing. The steps and manoeuvres in fencing are more precise and more demanding than ballet. Fencing and dancing are very closely related, very fake. They're similar, but I mean only similar in the sense that you've got a long pointy thing in your hand, and the idea is to make the pointy end go in the other guy, but, uh, that's about it. You know how long those fences, those fences go, those fights go for. Now, a real sword weighs like three to five pounds. Swinging that back and forth, making the tip move quickly, that's difficult to do because all the leverage is against you. Got arms like Hercules, you can't swing them that fast and that long. Fifteen or twenty seconds. Yeah, four or five. Well, the first person, well, we don't actually stab people with it, because, you know, that tends to, people get, it gets noticed and people object. Um, but, yeah, with a proper, the only problem we have is we're not going at full combat speed, so that gives them longer to, uh, to react, so the fights tend to be a bit longer than they would in reality. Ten seconds, maybe. People don't fence very well. Most fighters, sword fighters, most people who carry a sword back then were not very good at it. To be a proper fencer, to be a good fencer, to be a master fencer, you start fencing when you're about five, and you practice six to eight hours a day, every single day. That's how you become a master fencer. Musketeers would spend all day practicing. That's what they would do, all day, every day. It's like anything. If you want to be, uh, the world's greatest violinist, you've got to practice every day, all day. That's got to be what you do. If you want to be a true fencer, you've got to practice all day, every day. No, nowhere near enough. I would never, I would not stand a chance against a proper fencer. My fencing master is like, uh, seventy-odd. He could pin me to the ground in about four seconds. Well, no, they're not amateur. They just, I've been fencing for like ten years, and they've got maybe one or two years, so I'm just a little bit more experienced. And the other thing is I'm more aggressive than they are. And it is a martial art, so your level of aggression does count. Well, no, sometimes, depending on what you're doing. For example, if you're doing just sword work, then that's it, you have a sword. If you're doing sword and dagger, then you have a second small, well, you have a dagger, which is like ten inches long. All up that long with the hilt. When I say ten inches, I mean the blade is ten inches. Count the hilt. That's a very good armor. See, armor's not necessarily steel plate on you. A buckler, which is a shield, a small round shield, is very good armor. One of the other things you use as armor is often your cloak. Yeah, well, it's something you can get in the way. It's something that can be used to stop a blow. Swords are not always razor sharp. Depends, some people do, I don't. If we're doing proper fencing, we're doing it at full speed, then we have to wear a fencing mask. It's too easy to lose an eye or the mouth and lose your teeth. Sometimes you get hit. Sometimes it's just heavy exercise. You do a lot of exercise in the day, your muscles are going to protest. No, they're not cylindrical. They're a sharp blade from front to end, sometimes on both edges, sometimes not. And even though ours are blunt, it doesn't make a difference. If you get hit by eight pounds of steel traveling quickly, well, just think about it. If I took a lump of steel and started pounding on your side, it's going to raise bruises, isn't it? To stick the point in people, because even blunt, it will go through. Well, we don't wear chain mail. It's very fast. We are not trying to kill each other, so we don't actually poke the sword into someone. All you need to do is touch them. That's considered a strike. No, we'll spend all day doing it. Well, you're not necessarily fighting all time. And sometimes the fights can go for longer than that. They can go for a couple of minutes. But two serious fences, it's over fairly quickly. And that's fighting, not opposed to the circling. And quite often you'll spend five minutes just wandering around looking at the person before you actually start to put any effort into it to do something. And then there's the fact that we actually have lessons in between it. So we'll go through the motions, through the moves. We'll choreograph them, see what they're like. And then one pair will do their fight, and then that's over. And another pair will come up and do theirs. So you're not constantly fighting all day. But you can fence for the whole day. Yep. No comment.