 Darn man. He's in all like, he does, he's trying to convince me to do like um, staff fighting as well and I was like, dude I don't do any sort of fighting. Yeah it's pretty good like you know, you can defend yourself with a broomstick and all that sort of stuff. I'm like. That's a weird martial art that one because you pretty much just, you do. Whoopsie. Yeah I'm not gonna, whoopsie broke. Yeah fair enough. Mate. It's so, it's, because everyone, everyone says that but then because you've got the pads on you just go so much harder. The problem is you've got all this padding on your shoulders and your head and you know, just on your thighs and all that sort of stuff but you've got no protection around your knees and like around your hips and stuff and that is where you get most of your injuries. Probably not the best sport for you then. Oh nah, so I just, Saturday I played gridiron again. Bloody, got the gunga on before he's. Oh, well I don't really want to talk about that because it was a shit, like we won against the better team of the comp but we shouldn't have won and then towards the end of the game we had this gang tackle on one of their receivers and like there was like three of us involved in the tackle and we all stood up and this guy's just on the ground not moving and I was like, oh yeah this guy's probably pretty injured. So I called the ref over and went oh yeah he's pretty hurt and then everyone walked back but there was a couple of guys from our defensive line who were still coming back because obviously when you throw the ball to a receiver they're behind our defensive line. So they were walking back to our huddle and their coaches just come screaming off the bench just fucking push this big old lineman Lachlan and just go and get the fuck away from our player when he's injured and all this sort of stuff and then from there it just erupted into a team on team all in brawl. We were on our sideline just going what the fuck and they just all come screaming across the field just going oh we'll fucking kill you. So they had a judiciary hearing for one of the guys last night actually because he took his helmet off and then punched our coach in the face. So yeah he was a bit of a... I don't know why they got so... I mean like he had a bruised spine so he couldn't... He didn't feel his limbs for about 20 minutes after he got hit. Yeah well that'll be the end of the season for him. But yeah I just couldn't understand why they just got so pissed off at the fact that he was near him because he was injured. It's not like we're going oh he's injured we're just going to like just you know fucking jump on top of him or anything like that. Yeah exactly so I couldn't understand it. Anyway so they reacted to that and then we were just like trying to not antagonise them anymore but they just kept on going. And this guy and then like our coaches between us just going nah fucking stop fighting boys and then got punched in the chin by this guy. He's like what? Fucking dickhead. Yeah and then after that I went home and just had a snooze man because I was pretty fucking wrecked hey. And then woke up about 7ish and then went to this dinner party. It's just the heat now too. Because like in the winter the game... Because gridiron games should go for about two hours and in the winter I was like oh yeah I'm buggered but I'm not you know wrecked. And now in the heat I'm just... After the game I just got to sit down and just do nothing for three hours hey because I'm fucked. Yeah yeah yeah nah it's proper hot but I mean at least it's not consistent running like in rugby though. Like you've got breaks and all that sort of stuff but the fact that you're wearing a helmet just makes you so much hotter though. Oh yeah. Nah both both so. Yeah strong safety for D and then wide receiver for... But fucking I got chewed out by my coach so bad because I missed a... We call it a nine route which is just a deep straight route sort of thing. And the ball landed like literally a metre away from me. I just couldn't get my hands to it. Oh yeah and the coach was just like you fucking... Because when I turned around and looked at the ball, because it's such a long ball, I looked at it and went oh it's probably going to fall short so I like took half a step shorter and then and then it realized then I realized it was actually going to go over my head so I tried to sprint and catch up to it but couldn't get there. Well then you go back to where the line of scrimmage was. Yeah well that's it he threw everything... Well he threw a really good ball and I just fucking just wasn't in the right spot, position. Yeah fucking one of the dudes got an intercept and ran it in but they got this fucking stupid rule where you're not allowed to celebrate if you get a touchdown. You know how in the NFL you know that... Yeah it wasn't even to that extent like he... When he was running in with a touchdown he put his hand up and went yeah I got a touchdown sort of thing and refs just went nah celebrate and disallowed. He like... Yeah so from where he intercepted the ball I restarted the play. Nah nah. I was just like what even that at least reset the play to where he started celebrating which would have been like a meter out from the touchdown. Anyway can't argue with the refs. I mean as much as people like to in the end of the day you know that even if they've made a wrong call they're still just gonna go nah fucking I'm sticking to it otherwise the integrity shot you know. Nah I didn't say best plays. He's one of their wide receivers. He's alright. Nah well I mean when receivers catch balls man it always is a cheap tackle because they're trying to catch the ball and they're very vulnerable well you know bruise their spine. Well the corner was sort of like hand tackling like trying to wrestle him to the ground and I went low to tackle like around the knee sort of area but the other guy who plays free safety he's a really aggressive player and he just came straight over the top around that around the shoulders. Around the shoulders? Nah oh you mean like the cut tackle? Nah. Because it all pretty much happens simultaneously. Like if we had a anticipated like pre what's the word forethought premeditated it if we had a premeditated it then it would have been a foul like if it was someone on the line or something like that where you know you turn to one of your mates and go I'm gonna go low you go high sort of thing then it would have been a foul because it was like in the open field tackle and no one can communicate instantaneously. But yeah I tackled him around the feet and the corner had hold of him around the waist and he just came straight over the top and just pretty much folded him in half. I wasn't even involved in the brawl man I was trying to avoid it. Because it's just not worth it like people just pushing and shoving in fights like if it actually had erupted into like punching then I would have backed up my mates but if it's just like people yelling at each other there's no point in getting involved like what's the point? There was one punch that connected thrown that was my coach yeah. No no he was trying to separate the two teams and after he got hit everyone sort of went ooh this just got real and then sort of like separated it out a little bit more. Nah they were in the middle as well but not being really effective at breaking up the fight. Nah nah nah the other teams were sort of like you know pointing and laughing sort of thing and you know I think the crowd were equally as amused. Yeah nah nah mate the crowd at the Gridiron games is small like you're looking at maximum 100 people at any one time. Yeah I know but they're all like the girlfriends and sort of stuff of the players so. That's right there's not a huge supporter base apart from immediate family and friends sort of thing so. Yeah well the one that connected with like through the punch and connected with my coach he went to judiciary last night. I don't know negative nah. To be honest all of their team should have like all the people that approached our sideline should have gone but because we were holding our ground and not like actually running away from them most of their team got let off because we were seen to you know oppose them in the fight sort of thing. Well they had to wait for the ambulance to come for the dude that was injured. So this fight was just going around while these guys were lying on the ground trying to get you know medical attention. It took about maybe 20-25 minutes for the ambulance to get there. Yeah well they stopped the clock and then we had like a minute left on the clock and I think we played like three plays after that and then the other team called it. Oh yeah yeah touchdown because he celebrated before the before the touchdown. Apparently that's a rule. No no he just put his hand up in the air and you know just went yeah pretty much. Well no the touchdowns that I've got I've just run into the end zone and run back out and give the ball to the referee but I've seen guys on other teams you know do front flips and all that sort of stuff and never got pulled up for that. So we thought it was a bit harsh that you know just putting your hand in the air and going yeah I got a touchdown sort of thing getting that to celebrate was a bit harsh. I refuse to answer you questions I fucking hate a dick. No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no commentary no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment that guy must get so mad for you just