 Okay. Last week, as in the weekend that just passed, or the weekend that was before? Ah, it wasn't too bad, I guess. Well, um, on Saturday. Well, Friday night I just went to the gym, and then went home and had a relatively early night. Go to Saturday night. Friday, Sunday night. Okay, so Friday afternoon from work, the end of work. So, well, during the day on Friday I was at work the entire time. Ah, from work I went to Coolden Court and got some food from a little tyre place. Ah, I got the chicken fried rice and the chicken and cashew. Lady that lady at the tyre place. She always gives me free spring rolls. Yeah, so there's a gym at work, so I went to Coolden Court, got something to eat, and then came back and went to the gym. Ah, well I do like a CrossFit sort of workout, so it's kind of in between cardio and weights. So it's more of a high intensity sort of, like half an hour sort of workout, which involves like free weights and machines. But it's not specifically just, you know, pumping iron, or it's not specifically just running. So it's kind of a mixture of the two. On the weights, ah, there was cleans, there was deadlifts, there was pull-ups, there was handstand push-up, and there was L-sit-ups. Yeah. So you just do a handstand against the wall and do a push-up. Oh, I've tried doing it without the support of a wall, but just the stability muscles aren't strong enough for me, so. I need to get a bit more practice against the wall before I move on to cardio. Ah, well, so each one of those exercises was interchanged with a 200m sprint on the treadmill. So it wasn't really like cardio, as people would generally imagine cardio to be like a long distance run or something like that. But it was, it's like high intensity sprinting sort of thing. After the gym, I went home, pretty much just played a, um, a new PlayStation game that I got called Sniper. I heard it was good, it was pretty great. But, played that till about 10.30, and then, ah, yeah. Well, I was going to go out with some of the guys from my Gridiron team. Last time we did that, we all got shit-faced. And the next day when we tried to play, it wasn't very good, because we were all hung over as shit. And a couple of guys threw up after the game because they hung over. Saturday morning, ah, well, got up, um, and pretty much did like a bit of house tidy-up. Just a quick house tidy-up, and then, ah, went and got some breakfast, well, stuff for breakfast. I think I had pancakes that morning, cooked pancakes, um, and then got ready for Gridiron pretty much. And then went there, because I had to be there at about 11. Yeah, for warm-up. Yeah, 12.30, 12.45. Ah, you see Firebird. Ah, on offense, I play a wide receiver. And on defense, I play strong safety. Waaah, yeah, yeah. I don't know how to modestly say that, yeah, I'd be quick. Yeah, nah, it's all a wide receiver. That's right. But I hate, I hate when people say, oh, you're quick, are ya? And then you go, well, I want to say yes, I am quick, like probably top ten in the league. But you sound like an arrogant prick when you say that, so. Ah, not too bad. I got a, when I'm playing D, I got an interception score of touchdown, so I'm pretty happy with that. Yeah, well, one of the, ah, the quarterback from the team that we played against was Wildcats. I'm going Wildcat, pretty sure. Um, the quarterback from there is probably one of the most athletic people I know. And he missed a tackle on me, which is like, not saying that I did exceptionally well. It was just a bad day for him, because not only did he throw the ball to me, but he missed a tackle. So, saved a touchdown, so. No, you don't understand this guy, man. He's like ridiculously, like he used to play, um, first grade for, um, Vikings, so. Oh, no, Westies, sorry. Westies. He used to play, um, first grade Westies. I think he used to play, like, inside center or something like that, so. He's, he's about 95 kegs of just pure athleticism. Pretty good. But, yeah, well, this is the thing. Like, they've got no one else that wants to play it, and he's like one of those guys that's just like, I'll just play any position you want to put me in, so. Uh, yeah. Yeah, we won 13-7 was the final score. To the Union. No. Oh, yes. I watched the Union at home, uh, with my housemate before we went to, um, one of the boys from the gridiron team was having a bit of a shindig at his house in Lyneham. It was expected, but not pretty, if you know what I mean. Yeah, yeah. I mean, Wales have been playing pretty good, but I thought French should still get up on them. Well, yeah. I don't really, like, I mean, I'm used to refs being shit and all that sort of stuff, so when a ref's not on the top of his game, I sort of just, he doesn't really register with me, if you know what I mean. Oh, mate. I did, but I shouldn't have, because I wasn't happy after it. Yeah. Oh, matey, you probably should look at another sport, I think. You probably should look at another sport. Poor bugger. I feel for him, but, like, if you're playing at that level, you've got to, you've got to be, have a certain level of ability, which he didn't demonstrate at all. Uh, front, yep. Pad Thai. Pad Thai, the dish that I, no, it was, uh, chicken fried rice. Chicken and cashew. Yeah, so I had that takeaway before I went to the gym. More over it. There was probably about a half an hour to 40 minute, um, sort of period at the gym where I was just doing some light skipping and all that sort of stuff before I started the actual intense workout. Well, you're not supposed to, but I was, I was, I hadn't eaten all day, so. I thought I'd better get something in before I try and do some sort of workout. Snatch or clean. Did I say snatch or did I say clean? I think I said clean and deadlift. Anyway, um, the clean I was doing 60 kilo. Uh, yeah, so the deadlift was at 100 kilos. But it's only low reps, it's only like five reps. Yeah, well, the circuit is like you do five exercises, five exercises I mentioned, and then you do a 200 meter sprint run, and then you do that five rounds. There you go. Maybe. We don't like, our coach who trains us for gridiron doesn't give us any fitness training at all. It's just all like plays and executing plays properly. And like fitness is sort of like something that we're supposed to do ourselves outside of training. Um, no, not this session. Well, if you include the pull-ups as lats, then yeah, I would say that I did some lats, but not specifically just lat pull-downs. Yep. First grade, West is great. Well, he's good at rugby. He's definitely pretty good at rugby, and he's got a fair bit of talent on the gridiron field as well. So he's definitely a player. Oh, I didn't palm him off. I just speed him for speed and agility. Nah, I didn't break his tackle. He didn't touch me. Oh, see, this is the thing. I don't want to be like, oh yeah, I'm pretty quick. You sound like an arrogant dickhead. Yeah, but a quarterback apparently is not that athletic. He is. Yeah, but conventionally quarterbacks aren't really that agile or athletic. But he's one of those people that is the exception to the rule. Yeah. But like I said, I don't really pay attention to what the ref's doing, so probably not. That was a little bit harsh. Oh, maybe, yeah. I mean, I think he did that just to set an example, because it was for the tackle, I think, is the red card. I think he just did that as an example, because they're trying to crack down in the World Cup, like that sort of level of football, dangerous tackles. But a red card's pretty extreme for a look-like, unintentional, bloody... What do they call it? Yeah, well, they call it spear tackles, but they call it something that starts with T, like a lifting tackle or something like that. Yeah, spear tackle. Not really. I kind of had it in the back of my mind that we were going to lose anyway, but there was always that glimmer of hope until about half-time, where I went, yeah, it's probably not going to happen. So probably not. No. Oh, I think that was probably the bare minimum that you should have been playing for the entire game. Oh, OK. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. That's weird saying no comment. The instinct is to say yes or no. All right, Colin.