 Um, not really. I went to a house party but it wasn't a very big night. It's one of the previous ones. Ah, no I don't go out very often. I was hoping younger volunteers would be more up it. Sorry. We work shift work so it's a bit hard. Okay. You said over the big night before. Oh yeah, but like I was, it wasn't that big. Big compared to normal. Alright, have you recently gone overseas or on a trip or anything? Um, yeah I went overseas last year. To the USA. Wait, you tell me about you from start to finish. What did, how? Okay, um, I went overseas with my mum. I previously lived in America in 2007. So I was going back for a friend's wedding. We left early July. Left from Sydney, flew to LA. And had a stop over there but it was basically just straight to New York. Where we were staying for five days. So we did the usual touristy things. What were they? Um, as in the touristy things? Yes. Oh, okay. We did a bus tour. So like the double decker bus thing. So the hop on hop off tour. We went downtown around Central Park. And then we got off there and had a tour on one of those little bike things that people drive you around for parking. Okay, and how did you find it? Ah, yeah, it was pretty massive. As in how did we find it navigating wise? Oh, okay. Well, the bus dropped us off there. Um, yeah, well it was like 43 degrees. So it was, no I mean Celsius. So it was ridiculously hot. So we basically just walked around until we found someone who could ride us around. And then we just sat there and they rode around the whole time for about an hour. Then took us back to where we started. And then we walked up Fifth Avenue for about three hours all the way back to the hotel. Um, we went to a museum on the way just because it was air conditioned. I really don't... What museum was it? I don't even remember. I think it was like the History of America or something like that. Um, yeah. Well we wandered around but we're not really into museums. So we just went there because it was cool. And then we left there, came back. We went to a couple of Broadway shows while we were there. Um, we saw Billy Elliot and I don't remember what the other one was. West Side Story I think. Billy Elliot. Dancing Boy. Yeah, yeah. That's the one. What was the other one you saw? Um, I think it was West Side Story. So you're really into it? Yeah, my mum's a music teacher. So she's into it and I enjoy it as well. So, yeah. When I first saw it, it's hard. Ten minutes is about it, yeah. Maximum. One hour. Yeah, yeah. Okay, what did you do after you went to Broadway? Um, so we did that at night. We also did a ferry tour around the Statue of Liberty. So we didn't actually get off at the Statue of Liberty but we just went around and did that. We also went up the Empire State Building that night. Yeah. What did you actually... No, we just went up it, had a look, bought some souvenirs and then came back down again. Because I'd seen all this stuff before so it was just for the benefit of my mum. So then we did another tour of downtown New York which was like Little Italy, Chinatown, Soho. We lasted about three hours on the bus and then the seats were so hot you couldn't sit down. But then we got off and got a taxi back to the hotel and laid in the pool all day. So that was New York. Then we flew to Philadelphia and I stayed with a friend's parents. She was still away at uni so we stayed there for a couple of days and just had some home-cooked meals. What did you have to eat then? Um, I think she cooked like some Cajun chicken thing. And then she made pumpkin pie for dessert because it's very American. So we only stayed there for one night and the next day we flew to North Carolina, Wilmington. And that's where I used to live so that's where the wedding was. We were staying at the Hilton on the river. And the first day we went... Oh, we got in really late at night. So the first day we went to my old university and had a look around there and showed my mum where I live. And just had a wander around there. And then we went to a Walmart because it's awesome. And showed my mum all the cool things you can get at Walmart. Just everything, like anything you could possibly want. And I bought lots of like chocolate and stuff like that. And then I caught up with one of my friends who was at uni down there. We just went to the beach and had a wander around there. Went to the pier, had a look around. Then the next day was the wedding. So we had a hire car so we drove to the wedding. Went to that. Then the reception was on a boat on the river. So we went to that. Then the next day we... No, we had one more day. Okay, sure. So, um, okay, so you went to Monmouth and that's where you were from. So you left Sydney and flew to New York. No, we went to LA first and then to New York. Yeah, it was just a stopover. It was only three or four hours I think. And how long did you spend in New York? I think it was about five days in New York. And the first thing you said was that you were a mum and a... Yeah, like the double-decker bus thing. Yeah, we didn't walk around for very long before we got on the bike thing. And then it took us around for about an hour. Didn't you feel hot? No, that day, well, the whole time we were there was pretty damn hot. But that was fine sitting down. It was when we were on the downtown tour of Italy and Soho and that. It was a really hot day. And because you're on the top level of the bus, the seats get really hot. So you can't actually... Well, we couldn't actually sit down. Did you usually get that on the U? No, it was like a heatwave. It's generally like 29, 30 degrees average. So, yeah, it was ridiculous. And then you said you went to New Zealand. Yeah. And did you wait an actual tour? No, we didn't see much at all. We did wander around a little bit, but I wasn't actually looking at anything really. And then you said you went to Broadway. No, I'm too. West Side Story. And you said you did a tour of... No, we just went on the ferry around it. We didn't actually get off. And then you said you went to the... I'm not sure if it was that night, but one of the nights we went. You didn't... No, basically just lined up, went up, had a look, took some photos. Yeah, we bought a couple of souvenirs. And then you said Little Italy. Oh, we didn't see much of it because we came home because it was too hot. Well, you said you... No, not really. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty much. Okay, and then you said you went to North Carolina for the wedding. Yeah. Which hotel was that? The Hilton. No, I think we were there for three or four nights. Yeah. You said you... Yeah, we didn't actually go somewhere, but we just wandered along the beach or had a look at the pier and I had a friend of me with me. Why didn't you... Well, I didn't actually eat the chocolate. I just bought the chocolate to take home with me. Why did you... No, no, it was fine. North Carolina wasn't as hot as New York because you get the sea breeze and that. And you said you just saw the wedding reception. Yeah. I'm just going to finish here. I'm going to ask you to be a very good witness. Okay. Did you go to America with your mum recently? No comment. Was that for a friend's wedding? No comment. Did you fly... No comment. Did you... No comment. No comment. Did you walk... No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Did you ferry tools to Liberty Aquatic? No comment. Did you... No comment. Nope. You said you... No comment. Did you visit the... Nope. No comment. Did you visit a... No comment. No comment. No comment. Was the wedding... No comment. No comment. No comment. Thank you very much for that.