 Oh, the Saturday. Okay, well, I went to some jobs yesterday. We had three jobs, which is like a record because we never have that many in the one day. So the first job we went to, the place had been trashed, apparently. But when we got there, it wasn't really trash. There was just a few things moved around. So we couldn't actually find a point of entry. There was no indication that anything had been moved or anything. So then we tried to look on the roof, see if they'd got in through the roof. And there was a tile missing, but no real indication that they'd got in through the roof. So we came to the conclusion that they probably just left a door open, which is not very exciting for a job. So we got glove marks from that job, but nothing else of substance. So then we got called straight to another job in Yarra-Lumla. And so we walked in and it was, you know, massive house. Yarra-Lumla, really expensive, very clean and everything. So we saw that it had been raining the night before and the person had come in while the couple was home, taken some stuff on the bench and then left. But there was some marks in mud on the laundry floor. So we decided to dust up the floor to see if we could get any shoe marks. Then the lady came in and we thought she was joking when she said, are you going to clean that up? And we said, no, that's not part of the service. And then she looked really angry and walked away. And then we dusted some stuff up and she came back in and started going off tap and yelling at us saying, that's not going to come up. These tiles cost me $40,000. And was yelling at us. So then she made us stay there while she was cleaning the dust off the ground. Yeah. She was like, will you just wait here until I can see if I can get this off the ground? Well, we decided to humor her and she was on her hands and knees trying to get this pad off the ground, which comes off with a little bit of elbow grease. You just have to get it off as quick as possible. So she decided to have a whinge and she's probably going to make a complaint because her tiles are now the same color as they were before, but aren't according to her. Because when she cleaned one of them, it looked exactly the same as when we walked in. But apparently they were still black, according to her. Yep. So, and I was like, well, more for you for paying $40,000 for tiles. Just quietly. In the one house. Yeah. Oh, no, that was the whole house. Well, it was like three tiles that we've dusted. I know. Yeah. Yeah. And apparently they were very sentimental to her, which I don't understand how something can be sentimental just because it costs a lot of money. But anyway, so anyway, that was exciting. Part of our day. Yeah. And so then we went to a third job and we walked in. It was quite a nice house as well. And the patrol that sent us there thought it was linked to the first one we went to. So when we started dusting up things, we got the same glove marks. So we could fairly certainly say that they were linked because they were in quite a close proximity. And the guy was really cool there. And he like asked us if we wanted to stay for dinner because he was cooking dinner and he was also having band practice at the time. So we got entertained while we were dusting fingerprints. And yeah, we got a couple of fingerprints, but we think they were from the lady who owns the house because she picked up a tin when she and that's pretty much it. And we was by that time was eight thirty. So we left the job with a couple of fingerprints and a glove mark. And we didn't eat the dinner. He just offered it to us. Then we left and went and got dinner. Then we came back. That was our eventful night. I know generally from my experience, I've only generally had one a day. That was quite good to have multiple in the one day. It depends on what area you go to. So some are really depends on like if it's a single person or, you know, if it's in flats or whatever. So sometimes they can be really disgusting. But other times, like these ones we went to today were quite clean. And well, that's what the job said. It was trash. But when we got there, it wasn't actually like there was a couple of things moved. Wasn't that was just their description. They gave it, but it wasn't technically true. So it's just a couple of things moved. And that was pretty much it. Yeah, apparently it depends on the item. If it's not a suitable surface, then we don't fingerprint it. Yeah. So say if it's fabric or something, there's no point in fingerprinting that. But like, you know, tins or something like that that have been moved, jewellery containers and things like that are quite good. Ah, well, because we couldn't find a point of entry, we were looking at the roof, but we ruled that out as well because there was, you know, no really any place they could have got in. And when we looked at the manhole and when we picked it up, a lot of dust fell down onto the ground, which would have been visible if they used that. So we ruled that out. So we think they probably just left a door open and didn't realise. Yeah, all the windows still had cobwebs over them. So you knew they hadn't been moved anytime soon. Yeah, just on the couple of things we fingerprinted, the containers and things that had been moved in the rooms. Um, not really. Um, you can use it to say it was linked, but you can't, you know, there may be quite, you know, yeah, they may, it's not going to mean just because they have that glove that they did the job. Mm hmm. Yeah, just had a few bits of mud on the floor. So we thought we might get a shoe mark if we dust up the tiles. Oh, it wasn't, it was more like a water mark that had dried that a bit dusty. So yeah, well, that's what we put the fingerprint powder on to enhance it. Yeah, no, I've never, I've never had a complaint before this lady. So yeah, well, we showed her at the time, but she was just not going to be happy with whatever it came up with. Well, no, we only stayed for a couple of minutes while she was cleaning it. No, well, we just said, told her how to clean it and said, if you do it straight away, it's easier to come off. Yeah. And I was just a couple of things off the bench. So it wasn't really. But I think it was because the complainants were home that it made it more. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Just had similar marks on the items that we dusted up. So, yeah, it's kind of just we put it in our notes. We don't actually link them, but we just say we found it this one. We found out that one. And then it's up to them to look at jobs in the area and see, because they told us they thought they were linked. So, yeah, he was having band practice at the time when we were there. Yeah, just a couple of guys from work. He said that were no, no, they were just playing as we were doing our work. And then we left when they were just about to start practicing. So, he said he said this plenty of them. We're like, no, no, we have to keep moving. And you know what? You know, where you can go? It depends on you. OK, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment. No comment? No comment? No comment. No comment? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Thank you!