 Okay, um... So tell me about your holiday in New Zealand. Okay, um... We flew out... Okay, well, from the very start, I finished work at 11pm the night before we flew out, stayed up till 1pm, and then drove to Sydney to catch our flight at 7am in the morning. I think that was on the 30th of July, to be specific. Yeah. Yeah, so then we flew to New Zealand. We started off in Auckland. We... Not a great deal. We did just a lot of sightseeing, driving around, went up to some mountain and had a look at the views. And, um... Just drove along the coastline. So we went to... There was a little beach in one of the suburbs and came across some totem poles and some lookout points, which was cool. Yeah, that was pretty much it. And then that same day, yeah, we went up to this mountain place. I can't remember what it was called. Which, yeah, they had like all platforms everywhere to look at, at the view, at the ocean and that sort of thing. We drove down to Rotorua. We took a very scenic route. We went through all these little country towns and that sort of thing. Yeah, when we got there, we just did the typical touristy stuff. So went to the volcanic, like, bubbly water thingies, whatever they're called. And then went to this place called... Yeah, they're sort of like hot springs, but it's disgusting. It smells really bad. It looks good, but it smells really bad. And we went to this place called Craters of the Moon, which was similar, but without water. It was just steaming ground, basically. We went zorbing. Zorbing? Yeah, yeah. And we went, of course, in the middle of winter. So that was interesting. We did it in the water zorb as opposed to the dry zorb. So yeah, yeah. Luckily, luckily they used hot water though. So yeah, that was good. We also, myself and my fiancé's sister's boyfriend, because we went, so it was me, my fiancé, his sister and her boyfriend. Yep. We did like a little mini bungee jump sort of thing while we were there as well. Yeah, so it was only 40 meters. And rather than like being suspended by feet and dropped sort of thing, we were in like a paraglider thing. It sort of is. They dropped us and then we went and swung. So that was... Paraglider? No, we went in a paraglider. It was like the same setup as bungee jumping, but rather than being harnessed around your feet, you're in a paragliding harness and then drop that way. Yeah, it's much safer. 40 meters, pretty cool. Yeah, not compared to one of the other things we did, which is much later down the track in the holiday. I see you going there. We went luging. What's luging? It's just a little car that's gravity driven. You go down a mountain and you have to steer it with these little things. Yeah, so that was cool. After Rotorua, we went to this place called Marta Marta to look at the Lord of the Rings movie set. Pretty sick. You were a Lord of the Rings fan? Not me personally, but my fiancé and his sister are huge Lord of the Rings fans. Yeah, so what did you see up ahead? Is that like a... No, it was like all the little hobbit holes and the little people. No me neither. Yeah, no me neither. So I didn't find it that exhilarating, but yeah, my fiancé and his sister were like, whoa, this is the best thing ever. Yeah, we then went to this town called Hamilton, which is sort of on the way back up to Auckland just to stay overnight so we could fly down to the South Island. So we went, we stayed in Queenstown for about a week and we went snowboarding at two different like ski resort things. And then that's where we did our really big like bungee jump type thing. It's called the Nevis Arc and it's like this giant swing where it's suspended 240 metres above ground and then you drop for 70 metres, but the entire swing is a 300 metre arc. That is the scariest thing I've ever done. 200 metres? Yeah, but you only drop for 70, but like by the time you get swing to the bottom, it's about 160 metre drop. Yeah, yeah, it's huge. Yeah, it is massive. It was really scary, but you can do like different, like you can go jump tandem or you can do like a bungee jump. Or you can jump by yourself. And if you jump tandem, you can get harnessed up in different positions as such. So you can like sit side by side or facing each other or one can be upside down and the other one's like head up. No, it's just a harness, but they sort of like, they manage to strap you together tandem. Yeah, with my fiancé. Yeah, yeah. But you didn't have a choice. Like as soon as they suspend you up and then they're like, okay, goodbye. And then they press this button and it drops you. So yeah, very scary. Yeah, it was very scary. Just a couple. Yep. Okay, you had, what was it, Auckland? No, morning flight. Yeah, like really early, like one o'clock in the morning. Yeah, straight after I finished work basically. Yeah. And Auckland, you said it was very exciting. Auckland was bland, but like the trip in general to New Zealand was amazing. Yeah, not so much. Like we did a lot of walking around Auckland centre, but when we did, when we drove around, it was to the coastal areas. Yeah, we were there for two days. Yeah. Yeah, it's just a touristy thing. Yeah, lots of tropical trees and stuff. Like there was no snow in Auckland. Oh no, it does, but it has to be quite bad weather because it's on the North Island. Their conditions are more, I don't know, they rain more as opposed to snowing. Whereas on the South Island, that's where all the snow comes because it's the whole closer to the equator thing, I suppose. But we went snowboarding on the South Island. Yeah. Okay. And then you said you went to the volcano. Yeah, it's, I can't remember what it's called, but it's just these, yeah, basically hot springs. That I don't know. I thought hot springs, they're very, but you said... Oh no, it smelled really bad, like very sulfuric. Yeah. Yeah, I suppose, but I don't know. I don't know enough about it. Fair enough. And then you said you went mini. Yeah. You called it mini by 40. Yeah. You said that was mini. Mini just because of the height, yeah. Most of them are about 70 or 80 meters. And that our heart was all blown up. Yep. Did you get cold? No, because I used hot water. So while we're in the bubble, it was okay. But as soon as we got out, yeah, it was very, very cold. Yeah, had to be done. It's one of those New Zealand things. And then you said you went to all the rings that... Yeah, not particularly, no. It was pretty cool, but yeah, not my sort of thing. No, it was the little town where all the hobbits lived. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then finally you said you end up... No, not in Hamilton. Hamilton was just a stopover point between Rotorua and back to Auckland. So we could fly out. Yeah. Did you say... No, snowboarding. Yeah, yeah. The Nevis Arc. Yeah, yeah. Okay, I'm going to wrap this up here. But you said that you... Okay. And I might ask you... Okay. So did you... I'm not going to answer that. Oh, no comment. All right. It's... Yeah. Okay, do you sightsee? No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Nah, comment. comment, in a comment.