 Alright, so I went to this job quite a while ago. It was interesting in that the person, well you could say she's a bit rough around the edges. The house was totally filthy, like yeah, I don't know, fairly well trashed, besides the fact that she said that the person who had broken into her house had trashed it. And there was bongs everywhere, and there was posters of naked chicks, and this is a girl's place, but she lived with a dude. It's a bit weird. Yeah, so yeah, posters of naked chicks everywhere, and in their toilet I remember they had the word poo painted above their cistern. It was very classy. It wasn't painted in poo, it was just painted in paint. So yeah, but yeah, and when we got there, like the chick was pretty angry I suppose about what had happened, and she went outside while me and the other guy were doing the investigation, and all we could hear on the phone was her turning around and saying, oh they've stolen all of my sex toys, I can't believe they've just done that, and me and the other guy were trying to restrain ourselves from laughing. This is a legitimate story though, I'm not making any of this up. So shit, that was the thing that she was most concerned about. So we just kept doing our investigation as per normal, and then she kept saying shit like, oh they moved one of the bongs from one table to another table, so we had to fingerprint examine a bong. That was disgusting. And then she was saying, oh and then they've put a golly in the sink, and then we looked at it, and then like after we had a look at it, she's like, oh actually maybe it's my housemates, and we're like, can you at least find out so we don't have to swab that festy piece of crap. So yeah, that was disgusting, and it was her housemates in the end. Yeah, and then on the wall in the kitchen, they had like this granny pair of undies. They were nasty, and it was like on a pinboard sort of thing, and then on the, there was a note with it that said, undies from your granny, or with love from your granny, or something like that. Yeah, do it. It's a bit interesting to say the least. But yeah, but then when we got sort of towards the end of our examination, she lit up a bong and started smoking it, so that was interesting. We had to tell her to put it out and stuff like that. Yeah, that was fairly exciting for a job. That was not long after it actually started in crime scenes. I know, yeah, that's right. It's a good area to be in. You get to deal with some very colourful characters, that's for sure. Yeah, well, I use colourful because not all of them are disgusting. It's just the select you people that tend to be quite feral that we investigate. Yeah, that particular day, nah, I can't really think of anything. That was a highlight, but a couple of days afterwards. Oh, really? Oh, I was gonna, well, it's related anyway, because I was just gonna say, yeah, the fingerprint guards were doing the examination, and apparently one of them yelled out, why are they taking pictures of naked chicks? And that was funny. I wasn't at work at the time. I know. Well, that was it. Well, that's it. So yeah, made for a very interesting job. Yeah, no, about two to three months ago? Yeah, a combination of both. They were generally very messy people. There's only a few things, like cupboards had been opened and stuff had been tipped off a bedside table that was additional. I wouldn't say food on the ground, but there was definitely unwashed dishes, and then, like I said, bongs laying around everywhere, and I doubt they did any regular cleaning of any variety. Yeah, it stunk a lot. Yeah, yeah. Um, not really. Like, the patrol was in attendance when we got there, so they went through the scene with us, and we didn't identify anything. Nah, sex toys. I can only assume it was multiple, but they didn't go into specific detail. No. Oh, they said a photograph was stolen from a picture frame as well. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, they'd painted the word poo on the wall. No, that was what they had done to decorate. No, there was the posters. Yeah, fairly much, yeah. Like, there was one on the back door that we went into, and I remember there was one at the end of the hallway which had multiple naked chicks on it, so yeah. Guess so, yeah. They looked like they were from magazines. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, because the chick said that the person who'd broken into her house had moved it from where she usually stored it, so that's why we fingerprinted it. Oh no, it's quite easy to fingerprint them, it's just the photography side of things is difficult. You need a lot of technical skill to be able to record it. Oh, the moisture is inside, I suppose? Like, just do the outside. Yeah, don't do the inside of it. Oh, they're on a pinboard wall. Yeah. Yeah. No, I think it was like permanent marker or something like that. Yeah. Oh yeah. Well, they were what you would describe as granny undies. Yeah. She would have been maybe mid-20s or younger. Yeah. Yeah. No, it was while we were there. They didn't go nuts, but they walked into the room where she was and they're like, we need you to put that out. Initially, they didn't because they kept saying, oh no, it's only tobacco. So initially they didn't, but in the end they did. Yeah. Yeah. Her staff very carefully selected words. Yeah. No, she was cooperative with us, but on the phone it was obvious that she was upset. Yeah. Yeah. Unique toy, do you mean? I don't know. Or maybe it was just upset at the fact that they'd gone into her personal belongings and take in something very private. No. That's what the police do. Oh yeah. It's hard.