 Well, I didn't actually do too much, but I did do a few things I've got I'm in the middle of doing some bathroom renovations at the moment and the guys really annoying me because he's started it in June Okay, all right, so But yeah, that's that's my life at night. Okay Saturday morning Probably got up did some domestic stuff boring washing hung the washing out clean the house made breakfast fed children Went shopping Really not like saying I know what I did. I painted the wall. Yeah, it's a wall master Well, one of those ones that has to be waterproofed every single year that they say white right? But of course, it's a anyway painted this waterproofing on it It's just clear. It's like a it's a wood finish. So it's like clear waterproofing color and it stinks So I did that the neighbors children tried very hard to help which I sent them home bribed them with our holes Yeah, basically no no because there's no fence and I was at the front. They were at the front with their dad So being the nice neighbor, I just bribed them with icy pole Then we did the grocery shopping down to the Queen Bean so we drove down there teenage son stayed home because he was sulking Um, I've I'm not making the first for cricket. He yeah, he thought he would make fit and he didn't so he's not Even though every other year that wanted him to be in the first he said no So bit frustrating. But anyway, I left him at home because he was talking and then on Saturday night. I Probably did not too much. I did the ironing Did I go to the gym? Yes, I did go to the gym for a short time But since I'm injured I couldn't do too much so that was really just frustrating Yeah, it's mainly doing upper body stuff because I've got a sore hip weight machines with you know, the pin weights Okay, so that that's what I used I probably used the exercise bike for maybe 10 minutes and then I did the Chin up assisted chin up machine probably a few reps on that. I did the sit-up machine Yes, ab crunches or whatever. They call them the one that does your gluteus max. So it's like a For your back. So it's a similar. Yes and Then I did the ones that look usually lower legs and I don't know what old so yeah, there's two There's one that tucks underneath and there's one that extends and of course I did thousands. Yeah, that's it. Yeah Yeah thousand normally I can do much more but unfortunately not this weekend very boring life really Sunday What do you know doing something? I know I went and visited my godson. He's very cute he's um 18 months old and his name's Kaelin and he just lives up the road just quite convenient and I played with him playing as you do with 18-month-old children in the garden and running around and not very exciting Especially boiled no On toast Gee it's really hard to remember it was so long ago. I'm just gonna have to make some rubbish up now Yes, because this renovation started back in June and it was supposed to take two weeks and it's still not finished Two bathrooms. So the first one was supposed to be finished and it was kind of nearly finished But there were a few issues the second one which is the one it Is in my main bedroom to see on sweet doesn't have a shower screen So I can't use it and he keeps promising to deliver things and we have to keep chasing them up and then we end up Going and doing it ourselves. So we were fixing the door because even though we've paid him to do this job He's done such a crap job that we've ended up having to do bits of it ourselves So I would not be recommending this renovator anytime soon No, but I'm good like I can sort of work out how to do say for example outside I did all the paving and yeah And it was actually better than the job that the professionals did if I do say because they're sunk because I didn't prepare it properly Mine didn't because I did prepare it properly. So, you know, I think I could actually get a job as paver And I've been thinking about doing that. Yeah Yeah, because you know, I'm sure someone's gonna pay me You know at least what I get now to do paving because these trades seem to get paid pretty well Yeah, it's pretty ordinary. Actually, I think I could do pretty good renovation in here You'd have to start with the walls get rid of these stupid peg boards. Yeah. Yeah, then probably do chin-ups on the bar or something If you're sure I actually got the husband to do the vacuuming. Yeah, and so yeah, I did do the mopping because you know, he's too lazy Yeah, well, yeah, that's I don't know how that works in our family I've got three sons and and a husband and I still end up painting the wall pretty bad, isn't it? No, they wouldn't help out I told you the oldest one was sulking no, well the older two don't live at home So one lives around the corner, but he was busy doing his own gardening thing and the other ones on his honeymoon Yeah in Europe Yep Because it's not worth it because he just would come out there and be obnoxious So it's better off waiting in his room till he gets over. I know there's an art tour Yeah Yeah, but there's still an art to it because it's clear and it's over the same color So you have to make sure you get all the pieces. Yeah. Well, that's it. You can because it's the same color It's not like it's easy to see it's not like it's black on white So you have to make sure that you get all the bits So there is an art and it's wood and you have to get into all the grooves of the wood No, he used to brush it took a couple of hours. Yeah, it's pretty warm out there too No, they didn't help they wanted to help I sent them home with I said no way their father would have killed me. Yeah He was but it wasn't gonna have the children get painful Yeah, no, but it's still sticky and little kids and they probably would have got it in the hair and up their nose and in There is Yeah, they're like three and five Yeah, that was the idea Yeah, that was the icy pole thing happening No, no, they were cut ones. They choose a company what they choose probably blue or orange or something? No, gotta do the neighborly thing could be nice. Yeah Nice dad Oh, hmm interesting, so we mm-hmm Mm-hmm. That's not really quite a while. That's not no. Normally I would do much longer than Yeah, no, I can't get 10 kilometers in that probably about 10 minutes probably about four Yeah Could have been gone the treadmill and things normally as well. But like I said, I'm injured. Oh Yeah, but you're young. I'm old No, I don't do freeway No, I need the very light hand weights. Yes, just when I'm using the Swiss ball or thing Yeah, cuz he's sitting down yeah, but you know, I'm tough but it doesn't hurt that much It hurts more when I'm standing up and walking so sitting down is actually okay I don't hurt when I'm sitting down because I heard it dancing and it snapped Something no, that was the weekend before and the first weekend not taper at my son's wedding or not to my next son's which is in January Yes, it cost me a fortune these boys Hmm. Yeah sucks, doesn't it? Yeah Yeah, I didn't think I was supposed to pay for weddings having three boys but apparently that's not how it works these days Really No comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment no comment No comment, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment