 Yeah, okay. Well, yesterday was a fairly typical day at work. I got up, I had breakfast and I usually iron a shirt after breakfast and then I realized that I need to get a wriggle on and get myself off to work. The traffic was pretty awful, it's been quite heavy the last couple of days. So I was getting towards 9.30 by the time I arrived at work and I was busily organizing some work to do this afternoon yesterday. So making a few contacts and getting everything sorted. Not much else to tell really. About 12.30, just a tin of tuna and a few bickies. It's usually about 40 minutes. Yes, I did left a little bit early, probably a quarter to five. I walked. I just needed to get home a little bit earlier than usual, that's all. Only about half an hour. I think it was 7.30 report. Usually it's getting on towards 11, something like that. It was quite nice. I think we had a whole lot of capsicums that we bought on special, so it was a bit of a capsicum special and I think it might have been beef curry with capsicums and rice. Quite tasty. It would have been a little bit before seven. Last weekend I was busy doing jobs around the house. I was setting up a new fish tank that kept me busy for a little while. Also we had a dinner party so I had to clean the place up a little bit. Just two. Yep, Sunday afternoon. Not much. A couple more jobs around the house. It was a very domestic weekend. Oh gee, quite a long time ago. At least a couple of years I think. Actually I think I do. I think it was Avatar, so it probably wasn't quite two years ago. I think it was over a year ago. Yeah, it was good. It was in 3D. Yeah, no, no. It takes a couple of minutes to get used to. Last book. I just finished reading Schindler's Ark. It's been rattling around in my bookshelves for about 10 years and I thought I'd read it at long last. Yeah, I did. That was in June to Europe, just over three weeks. Well, we spent two days in Thailand, based in Bangkok. Then we flew to London via Helsinki, four days in England, and three days in France. Then most of the time actually was spent in Norway because I've got family there. So that was the main reason for the trip really, to see a whole lot of family that I haven't seen for a long time. It was about seven or five past seven. I think I just had cereal and toast and a cup of tea, like most mornings. It was Cheerios. Not my favourite, but they were there. Yep, yep, yep. Had to wade through the pedestrians. Yeah, probably an hour. I don't think that's right. No, about 9.30. Oh, well, I usually just know. I look at my iPod or something. Clock's on the wall. Yeah, I'm pretty sure. No, what was it? It was tuna, had corn and mayonnaise, and I had these Vita Wheat type biscuits that taste a little bit like cardboard. No, no. Very rarely have two hours for lunch, about 40 minutes. No, not yesterday, no. Sometimes, yeah, lunchtime. No, it's only five minutes to the shops. No, I walked, so I didn't go via Smith Street. No, must have been my wife driving it. Okay, that's correct, yes. Walked home. Yeah, walked home. About an hour. Pretty long walk. Yeah, don't do it very often. No, wasn't wet yesterday. No, no. Was curry beef with lots of capsicum and rice. Is that so? Well, I think you better check your sources. Well, I put it to you that that's incorrect. No, not last night. I only watched about half an hour of telly last night, just after that, the 7.30 report. If I have dinner early enough, I do. If I'm not doing well with the washing up that night, a bit later. Not scientific journals. Nope. I read a few pages of a novel and then I got heavy eyelids. Okay. WHAT? I mean, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment,