 Yesterday was a Wednesday, my first working day for the week, up at 10 past 5, listening to Radio National at 5.30 for my music, for half an hour of good humour while you shave and shower and have a good eventful day. Had eventually made my way to work and I worked all day here at the police headquarters, doing bits of this and bits of that and bits of something else. If you want me to be specific I'd have to go back and look at the bloody diary. 8am, no 10 to 8, 10 to 8. Drove my own motor vehicle down Penthills Road, I think it was about 1pm, from memory 1pm. Two sandwiches, made by myself, expertly made. Vegemite and cheese and jam and cheese, because I can't eat peanut butter anymore. 4, 4 o'clock. I drove home via Pet Barn where I picked up some dog food for the dog and cat litter for the cat. 5.30. Up to Penthills Road again, yes, when I arrived home I took the dog for a walk so he could empty his bowels and his bladder because he's had an operation on his cruciate ligament and he's not allowed to run around otherwise it's going to cost us another $5000. And he spends the whole day in a cage, a 4m by 2m cage and he won't have a wee or poo in that. He can if he wishes to but he doesn't. So he then has to be walked to get, he does those important functions and then I start getting their tea ready for them. Yes, they get Yucca and Yuba dog food plus some carrots, 50g of carrots each and some mints, they get what's it, 125g of mints each and then the female dogs get some cottage cheese and the male dog gets some bloody yoghurt. The dry dog foods as well but they don't get very much of that because they get that in a kong and a ball in the morning so they can feed themselves during the day. They feed themselves straight away because they're too much of a rush to eat it straight away. It's about a half hour process because you've got to reload their kong and their ball for the next day and then you get them fed and Heather came home and we had tea sometime after that and I spent an hour and a half trying to find a bank passbook which it's alleged I misplaced. Passbook, yes. I allegedly misplaced it according to my wife. No, no, bank passbook, yes. And after an hour and 20 minutes I found it at the last place where I should have looked first. Bloody hell. I put some chicken and vegetables in a casserole type of container. Vegetables and mushroom and chicken pieces into a glass bowl and reheated in the microwave. I informed my wife I'd found it and I stopped worrying about it. The only reason I couldn't find it is she has a habit of putting it in old envelopes so she can carry it to work and I don't like doing that but I followed her directions and I misplaced it. Such is life. About 9.20, watched the rest of Goulburn transfer without worrying about where the passbook was. Went to bed. No, not last night. I had muesli bars as I travelled to work. When I'm travelling to work, yes, I don't, I save myself 20 minutes by eating and driving at the one time. I drove my own car. Nope. Very rarely. Yes. He's wrong. So no, I switched the computer on and signed on on the electronic flex sheet at 8am. It's the first thing I do every time I come in here in case someone like that wants to make allegations. Yes. When I arrived here there was Ian Waterson and Diana Boyd were here and they went out a short time later to the eastern suburbs on a job and I was here all day in our little section on my own. Not my car. Wasn't me. I wasn't there to leave the scene. Depends which part of Penrhyn Hills Road you're talking about. Commonara Parkway, there's one. Down at Beecroft Road, there's one. There's a speed camera down the bottom of Carlingford and there's red light cameras near the King's School and I don't go past the King's School. They could have recorded me. They would have recorded me. Not my vehicle. 2005 Subaru Outback. No. This morning. I go around my car every day just to make sure the tyres are ok. With normal eyesight you can see any damage to the car. Yep. No. Reverse way. Female dog had cottage cheese and the male had yogurt. No. I've already described as chicken and vegetable casserole type of thing. No. I was looking for a bank passbook. Passbook. Yes. No. Sorry. Passbook. Sorry. No. I think I said ten. I think I said ten. Gruen. The latest of the Gruen series. It's got a different Gruen world I think. Gruen planet. That's correct. Yep. I like humour. I don't like sarcasm. Yep. Not when I'm driving it. My wife drives it occasionally. It sure was. No. No damage. My vehicle, New South Wales plates are registered in my name. If you've got a similar vehicle on CCTV with a similar number it must come from another state provided you do the work. I don't mind. I'm selective in who examines my vehicle. I don't. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.