 Yep, yesterday I got up at around 4.30am. I got ready for work. I came into work and then I went on a coffee run and got four coffees and a bacon and egg McMuffin. So I came back and had that. I checked up all my paperwork and then I drove some fingerprint equipment down to Wollongong Police Station and then I drove back to Sydney and on the way I bought some stuff that I was going to have for lunch but turns out that there wasn't the gear here to cook it. So I did some paperwork and had the water that I bought but the rest of the food, oh and I had the apricots that I bought but the lasagna I put in the freezer. Then I drove home and I picked up my boys and I went, I walked around a duck pond which is about 20 minutes drive from my house. Then I did some shopping at the shops next to the duck pond. Then showered and dressed the kids. Then I had dessert. Then I went to bed and watched Family Guy and I fell asleep. For dinner, at the shops I bought a red chicken curry that was already made and in the fridge I had some raw chicken. So I cooked up the raw chicken and put in some more frozen vegetables and tipped over the red chicken curry over the top and mixed it up and had that with rice. Yes, well I dished it up. They picked at it. They mostly picked out the chicken. I would estimate six o'clock. Yes, I had the bacon and egg McMuffin which I bought during the coffee run. I drive to work. Yesterday I took my wife's car. My car had the car, kid seats in it. So I left that for my wife and took her car. Yes, yes, no, yes, six. Yep, I bought four cups of coffee and I drank one cup of coffee. Yep, yes, um probably around 7.30. Um about an hour and a half, hour and 40, 15 minutes. About that, yep. Uh possibly a little bit later than that. 7.30, eight to nine. Yeah, it'd make it more like a quarter past or 20 past nine that I'd be back on the road. If that's what the maths is then that's, that'd be what I did. Maths, if that's how it works out, right. Oh, I'm taking your word for it with the math. No, I went to uh Woolies at Rose Hill on the way back to get my lunch. I try to limit the amount of maccas I have these days. Um look, I think I got back to the office about 11 o'clock. Could have been 11.30. Yeah, yep. How does the math work out with that? So if I left down there at 9.30, 10, 11, 11.30. Well, Rose Hill's just the next side of the cross. Yeah, no, there's no oven up there. I thought it was a microwave lasagna. It was actually beside all the microwave goods. Um it was in a steel, like a metal container. Um and on the instructions it only said to do it in the oven. So I thought it would come out crap if I did it in the microwave. Yep, one of the civvies up there actually um had to have level four evacuated at some stage uh in the recent past because she did microwave popcorn in the thing and burnt it and it smoked and smoked and smoked and she put it in the bin and it kept smoking. So um I don't want to be the Gumby who, who does anything like that again. And water. Yep, yeah. Um 10 to 4. My wife's car. Yep. No, I picked up the boys from home. Like I got changed, picked up, put the boys, well it would have gone into my car uh and I drove them down to the duck pond. We don't have a horse park. Duck pond. Yep. The shops beside the duck pond. Started what at five? Started at six. Yep. No. No. Because the uh entering the exiting the building is done by swipey card. That's all recorded forever. I must have been drunk because I pretty well clearly remember coming in at six. No? Tell me about it. Sometimes I break in officers on the way. Sometimes I do. Yeah, you got me. Yep. I don't recall which office I broke into. Um I think I like to ransack cupboards. Yeah, I like to ransack cupboards. I don't like to ransack desks. Because there's nothing good in them. Yep. Yes. Maccas and four. Maccas? McDonald's? Yep. Four coffees and a bacon and egg McMuffin. KFC's not open until about 11. And then I don't think they serve coffee anyway. No, there's only Maccas down there. When I came back from the coffee run, I had the coffee and the bacon and egg McMuffin and then pretty well got ready to go down to Wollongong. I just just prepared the car. It was all packed with um yeah all this stuff that somebody else had borrowed. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yep. I don't think so. No. The GPS beeps when you come up to a speed camera and I wasn't in a big hurry to get to Wollongong. I don't know if those vans would get up to 140. No. Oh maybe if you really pushed it but no that that'd be a faulty camera. Yep. I would take that to court. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.