 Okay, I got up around 6.30 and I was on holidays at Coffs Harbour with my son and a few other people, family and friends, staying in a cabin. So I got up early with my son and went for a walk to the shops to buy an ice block and the paper and travelled back and packed up the house, the cabin, and checked out and hung around with the friends and family for a while. Then said goodbye to my sister and brother-in-law and the kids and then got a lift to the airport at Coffs Harbour and got a plane back to Sydney, caught the train home, walked home from Harris Park and put my bags and stuff inside and then dropped my son at his dad's house and drove home. And then had some dinner and had a drink of wine and went to bed around 4.30pm? Yes, dinner. Probably 5.30 or 6 o'clock? Yes, we read. Oh gosh, probably about 3. 11 o'clock? Body of Proof, a couple of episodes, Beauty and the Geek, Survivor, these were all shows I'd taped. I just sat down and watched my taped shows. Oh, Two Pieces of Toast with Vegemite. Oh, Peanut Butter Toast. So you went up to Coffs Harbour on Sunday? On Thursday. Oh, I see. Yes, yes it was. So you got up, you walked. Yes, yeah, in an ice. For your son? Yeah, for my son. Yeah, I checked out early, about 8 o'clock and left my bags at one of the friends' houses, cabins. How long was it? It was an hour. How long did you have to leave? It was actually probably 45 minutes. Leave the... Oh, very early. We left at 10.30 in the morning. The friends, the very left the bag, they dropped me there. Was that a holiday? No, they drove up from the Central Coast. So they were driving down to Sydney? No, they were actually staying until next Thursday. So, did you get to the airport? Yes. At what time? 1.10, well, very early. It takes about... So you got in 2? Yes. So you were home by... Oh, no, because it took a while, because by the time we stuffed around, I think. I got home about just before 4, I think, and it took a long time to walk. From Paris? Oh, Harris Park, just with my son, he was tired. Oh, yeah, there were no taxis. So you couldn't get to... No, yep. And you drove... To Winston Hills, yes. So you did that basically straight away? Yes, yeah, just dropped the bag at home and grabbed an icebox for my son and went, then left, yeah. And then you came home, and what did you get? A frozen pizza. I think it was just mozzarella and spinach and tomato. And you had three glasses of white wine? Red wine, yes. Oh, white wine, I think, yeah. So then you went to bed? 11. 11, was that DVD, body of proof? Yeah, yep. So you've got those series of DVDs? Oh, it's not DVD, it's a hard drive recorder. I sort of tape it and it goes onto a hard drive. Oh, okay, so you haven't acted these, do you? No, no, they're just on the TV. I've just taped them when I was away on holiday, so came back and watched them. Okay, so when you got up yesterday, promo? I got up at 6.30 and had Vegemite and toast. Do you like promo? No. And your son, banana and butter? No, just peanut butter. Is he a... Loves bananas, yep. And you stayed in a tent? In a cabin, yes. So was this like a one-bedroom cabin? Two-bedroom, yeah. Is it sort of decked out? Oh, sort of, yeah. Mine was a bit more spacious. Yeah, no, a bit bigger than caravan. So it's got a ceiling. Yes, yep. So when you rode your bike, shot? Oh, we walked, we didn't ride our bikes. No, nothing unusual, no. Is this caravan... No, not to my knowledge. So you checked out at about... A bit before that, yep. So you checked out at... I think about 8 o'clock, no, about 8 o'clock, sorry, I think it was. Oh, um... Checked out, but then went back to a friend's house in the same complex, yeah. So when you were on the train, you've landed in the airport train going, are you aware of any... No, not that I can remember. Do you remember seeing your carriage? I think so. Do you remember anything happening with him? No, I remember speaking to a few people. He may have been one of them. Do you remember that this man, the blue jumper, he said something to your son and you said something... Oh, I think he might have been rude to my son, and I think I may have just told him to be quiet. So did you raise your voice to him at all? I think I just spoke above a whisper sort of thing, like I'd spoke sort of normally. If the train was going loud, I'd have to speak a bit louder, but not yelling. Do you believe you were hard-toned talking to him? Oh, I think I just had to get my message across, so... Do you agree that you then threatened this man? Oh, I told him to stop annoying my son. He looked a bit like a pedophile, so... In fact, your son was running up behind. Oh, I think I just told him to mind his own business and look after himself. I don't think my son was being too noisy. Was your son running around? Oh, he was sort of walking around, yeah. Just wasn't hurting anyone, yeah. Well, this man... So we're going to have quiet. OK. What colour is your car? No comment. No comment. Does 2 plus 2 equal... No comment. Is it... No comment. Are we on the 1st floor? No comment. No comment. Where were you on the 1st floor? No comment. No comment. Where do you live? No comment. No comment. Who did you have? No comment. What did you do last? No comment. Are you here for a mate? No comment. Where do your parents...? No comment. Do you have a... No comment. When did your last... No comment. What colour is your shoe? No comment. No comment.