 Okay, yesterday, so I woke up in the morning. I've started setting my alarm a little bit later, so I've got less lie-in time, and it's actually working. So I got up and had a bit of a stretch, had a glass of water, then I had a shower, and I had to wash my hair yesterday, so I did that. Then wrapped it in a towel to help dry it a little bit. Then I went and got my lunch ready for the day, and I had breakfast, and I had porridge, and then I had two bits of toast with avocado spread on it. Then I watched a little bit of the Today Show, and just sort of held up on the headlines, and found out what the weather was going to be. Then after I'd had breakfast, I washed the dishes, and then I went and brushed my teeth, and then I went into my room, put my makeup on, got dressed, in the end I decided to wear slacks. Put slacks on, a top, a jacket, and then got ready to went round, made sure everything was locked up, turned off the light. Then grabbed my bag, grabbed my lunch, and headed out the door. And I drove yesterday, because I had gym in the afternoon. So I drove in, and it was a nice day, there was very little traffic on the road, so it was a lovely smooth run. And got into work, went down the street, got a cup of coffee, so I probably started at my desk about 7.30 in the morning. Then I checked my emails, just to see what had come in, what was around the place. Then just sort of started working, looked at a few bits and pieces, I went to the safety conference last week, so a lot of this week has really been catching up and trying to organise all the information, and putting that into something that resembles order. I had to ring a friend, just to ask her about a couple of work things, so chatted to her for a little while. It was a very relaxed day at work yesterday, everybody was really quite happy just to sort of cruise along so it was really quite pleasant. Everyone was very much in a good mood. Then I worked till about four o'clock, then I headed off to gym, which is about 15 minutes west of Parramatta. But with the traffic, for some reason it decided it was going to stop about a block before the Great Western Highway. So we sort of inched our way through the lights, and got to the gym, went there, actually managed to do my run, so I was feeling really quite proud of myself. Then stretched, and then my trainer put me through the rest of the workout. So it was his last class there, so it was a really good bit of a gossip session, and chat, and work out what he's going to be doing now. And it was a little bit sad when I left, and sort of ran home, so I go, oh, I feel like I've lost a limb. It just felt very, very odd. And what did I do last night? Then I had to go food shopping, so I had to pick up that, and I thought I've got to send some parcels across to Germany for Christmas, so I picked up a few bits and pieces for them for a food parcel. Now that we can't send alcohol to Germany, it's made life very difficult. Before you could just pack in Bundaberg rum, and some Australian wine, and off you went. But for some reason we're not allowed to send alcohol anymore, so it's very restrictive, but requires a little more imagination. There, did my food shopping, and came home, and because it was late, and I was feeling slack, I had some scones. And my mum rang. She'd been to the doctors, and she'd got a clean blill of health, and my dad hadn't come home yet, and she was very excited and wanted to tell someone, so she rang me. And then I was just sort of cruising through, ready to go to bed, and I was just about to go in the shower, and my sister-in-law rang. And her version of a short conversation is one hour later, and I felt really, really awful, because she was very excited. She had some really big news, and she's very excited about this potential job, except I'm sitting there going, I just want to go to sleep. So I ended up sitting there. Once she told me all of it, I was going, I have to go to bed now. And then she's gone, okay, bye. And then just hung up. So it took a little bit of long time to get to sleep, because the brain was a little bit more active. And then yeah, just crashed out and went to sleep. I went to bed, oh, it was about quarter to 11 in the end. Lunch yesterday, I had some corn thins, and I made a tuna salad, which was essentially rocket leaves, some tuna, and some mayonnaise. And I also had a yogurt, and it was an apricot soy yogurt. I had lunch at, oh, what was it? Quarter past 12. The alarm went off at 5.30, I got off about 20 to six. Yep, I had porridge, and I had toast. No, I didn't. No, avocado. No, it was the Channel Nine Today show. No, I drove to work. No, not always. Because there's no parking around here, it's easier. Some days I drive, some days I take the train. Sorry, not the train, the bus. No. No, there was very little traffic, so it was really quite smooth. Got into work about 7.30. They may not have seen me till then, because I generally get in a little bit sooner, but they can probably check access records if they're unsure. I got a coffee before I got in. I'd generally arrive in Parramatta, I walked up, got a cup of coffee, and then went into my desk. Then come into the office. No, yeah, I come, yeah, go and get my cup of coffee, and then I come back to my desk. No. Had a tuna salad. Corn thins. Left work about four. Yep. I drove to the gym straight from Parramatta. No, it's about an hour. So I get there normally about 4.30. By the time I change, jump on the treadmill, it's normally about 5.30 when I leave. No, I drove to the shops, and I had to do food shopping last night. That's what I used to do. I used to be able to send alcohol to Germany. So I used to send that to my relatives over there for Christmas, but you can't do that anymore, so I buy them food instead. That's right, you can send food over, but you can't send alcohol. I haven't seen anything where it's restricted. I probably wouldn't send over home cooked food because it'll go off. More just lack of preservatives. But the EU, the import regulations, or the quarantine regulations, I don't think are as strict as they are here, just simply because the borders are more open and it's a lot harder to control. No, about a quarter to 11, 20 to 11. Talking to my sister-in-law. I had scones. Scone. If I'm driving to work, I'd normally try and leave home about 20 to seven, quarter to seven, either way, whether I'm catching the bus or not. But if I'm driving, I give them, you know, I can normally leave a little bit later, so maybe between quarter to seven and seven o'clock. No, I don't. Let me see, okay. My brothers are both living, they both live away from home. One brother has a border collie, and my middle brother, he has a Jack Russell now, but my parents don't have any pets. I think I've taken the Jack Russell for a walk, but that was once and that was years ago. No. They didn't see anything on the way to work? No, I didn't. No, I didn't see them at all. Well, I come to work along Victoria Road, though I wasn't driving down Smith Street. No, I didn't. I couldn't tell you, and I don't know which Smith Street you're talking about, so no. One of them could have been a Smith Street, but I think if I'm driving down it, I generally know the names of the streets, or at least, I guess, a monument, or, you know, there's something on the street to identify it. So if there's something, a particular building on Smith Street, I could tell you whether I was down it or not? Quite possibly. I'd need to see the photograph to check that first. I don't remember that at all. No memory of that, and I may consider going to see a doctor, because I've had, in our family, we have someone who's had a brain tumour, and one of those is that you do, one of the symptoms of that is you do things without recollecting it, so. But I haven't seen any damage on my car that would prompt me to sort of think that something had happened, and it would depend when was the time of the accident. I could probably go to my car and pick up the parking ticket I had. That would have the time of when I bought the ticket, so that might help in terms of establishing. Yep. Yep, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.