 Okay up at 3.40am in the morning, got up had a shower, got dressed, had breakfast which was baked beans on toast. I then rode to work on my motorbike, got to work at 20 past five, had a cup of tea when I got to work, checked the computer for my emails and outstanding jobs, checked the cop system to see if there's any firearm related incidents that occurred overnight. I then started work on a number of jobs I had outstanding still, firearms, plant B, terrible. I had morning tea at 10 o'clock, had a cup of tea and a banana, went back to work till one o'clock. For lunch I had, what did I have yesterday? Seven, had a piece of salmon I took to work with. Went back to work about 1.40pm, kept working there till 3.25pm, knocked off from work at 3.25pm, rode my motorbike home, got home about 4.30pm yesterday. Then I sat down with my wife, had a cigarette, had a cup of coffee, then we put the two little dogs we have in the ute, we went down to a local park, had a walk, threw the ball for the dogs, came home, cooked some more fish and salad for tea, watched TV for about an hour and went to bed about 9.30pm and that was it. What did I watch on telly last night? I watched a show that I'd taped, Supernatural. Seven, yep, yeah just seven, no salad, no, no, no, fresh cooked the night before. Anywhere from 55 to a bit over an hour. Last weekend, last weekend, god now they're going to cast me by and back, what did I do last weekend? Didn't work this time, so no there was nothing really special I did last weekend. Oh, saying that, I was up with my mum and dad so I suppose this class is special. Sat day and came back late Sunday. Yep, yep. About five and a half, six hours? Yes, yes it is. Yes, my wife does. My daughter does occasionally. Yes I do one. No, no, no, 3.40pm. Yeah generally, work days I do. Nah, I started work, I got there at 5.20pm, so started a bit after 6pm. Yep, and I do all the little ancillary things that waste time when you do start work normally, 5.20pm. No, not any time but I mean I carry, I have a duty book which I record the actual time of commencing work and my official time of starting at six o'clock. Yeah, yep. Do nine, nine and a half hour shifts and also some seven hour shifts. It works out on a rough average of four days a week. I'm doing extra hours. Ah, no, not normally. No, no, no. 10am, had a cup of tea and a banana. No, only recently since I've come down to Price so I can afford them. Yeah, no I had seven. No, I'd cooked it the night before. No, I had about 30, 30, oh about 40 minutes. Yep, no, I'm right in the city anyway. No, yes, no. 3.25pm. No, I rode my bike. Yes, no, haven't got parking there. We have parking for motorcycles at the police centre but we don't have them for cars. No, about 4, about 4.30pm. Took two of the dogs for a walk. Two dogs I have, yep. Yep. No. Yes. Yep. Yeah, there's some young kids and a couple of families. No, not from memory, no. Alright, no, can't remember. We let them off the lead but they only chase the bull, they don't chase anyone else. No. No. Little fox each where our crosses. No, I don't know. No, there were little girls there but no. Our dogs are very well trained, they don't go near anyone unless we let them sort of thing. No, definitely not. No, I think we had more fish. Yeah, we had fish for tea. And salad, yeah. Thai, yeah, fish and salad. Fish and salad. No, no, just ordinary, it was probably salmon again. We had a lot of salmon. No, super natural. Yeah, it's on a, yeah, hard disk. 9.30pm. No, went up on the Saturday, came back on the Sunday. No, in my ute. No, no, I took my daughter actually. No, I rode my bike in and I parked in the actual centre. Yep. Yep. He's lying obviously. Who would know? Very political at times, our office. Yes, by the check-in at the front gate and also through the turnstiles at the centre where I work. Time actuated. Yes. Yep. Obviously they haven't reset for daylight savings I would say. Yep. They're wrong. There were three guards on duty who'd remember me anyway. I'm fairly distinctive. I'm one of the few people that says g'day to them and actually stops and has a chat now and then. Yep. Yes. Yep. Yep. It must be wrong also. Yes. Yep. It's fine. Yep. Yeah. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Comment. Like. Comment. Like.