 Yesterday, woke up a bit dusty after the Melbourne Cup on the day previous. Then I went out and helped a mate dig a few holes. Had breakfast first thing, always have to have breakfast. If you don't have breakfast, you fade quickly. So then I headed out and picked up a mate and we went and done a bit of landscaping. And it was a great day over at Dewy on the northern beaches and the soil was nice and easy to dig, so that was helpful. And then in the afternoons, finished there about six o'clock, come home, had a quick shower, rushed out to a mate's place, a few beers, hit the sack about half past nine, slept like a baby. Boring life I lead. That's a quarter to six. No, just helping the mate out, yes. And my five Weet-Bix. That is cereal. My Weet-Bix? Yeah, no. Cornflakes now and then, but not that often. Very boring. About 20 past six. Yes, my mate's car, which is a work ute. No, he drove. Well, technically, I drove to his place, and then we left from his place. Place, and then left my car parked there, and we jumped in his work ute. Yes, digging a trench and just moving soil, and then laying some bricks, mixing some mortar for that, and then put some sandstone up against the retaining wall. About 12.30, I think it was. Oh, Maccas. I knew you were going to ask that. Never had Maccas, but it was quick and easy, and it was the only shop around. The beakers can't be choosers, feeling the effects today, but that's OK. Yes. It's a residential house. Yeah, well, it's about half past five. I was home by six. Yep, got in my car, came, had a quick shower, and then ducked out again. Five minutes. Yeah, not long at all. Only around the corner. Yes. Yeah, a couple of mates. We had a few beers and pizzas at his place. Yes, fell asleep nearly. I was tired yesterday. 15 minutes, 10 minutes, 10, 15 minutes. Depends on traffic. I think it was about 10 to 9, quarter to 9, something like that. Just homemade pizzas. Only two. No, I left there about 10 to 9. Yeah, about 10 to 9. I was home a bit after 9, I think. No, I called into the mate's place to pick my wallet up, so I was about 20 past, bit of a detour. Yeah, I watched TV for a little while, and then that's just rubbish. Oh, I couldn't tell you. It was just something on pay TV. Vampires or something, witches, I don't know. But it was rubbish. But I was too tired anyway, so I just went to bed. About half past 9. Yeah, it wasn't long after I got home. Sad day. It was another busy day. Up early and went to a friend's business and just helped them move some dirt, some road base. I was there for about three hours to put some pavers down. Yeah, so just about three or four hours laboring, and then dropped some friends off at Sydney. They went on a harbour cruise. Not a harbour cruise. What do you call it? Melbourne Cup cruise on Saturday. Yeah, and then went from there to meet my sister. Had to help her pick some blinds or curtains for her place. And then come home. Yeah, no, quarter to 6, so 5.45. Dusty. Chirpy. Dusty. Just flat. It was filled, yeah, dusty. Weet-bix, yes. Yeah, I have Weet-bix every morning. Can't go without them. About 6.20, no, drove to my mate's place and got there. And we got in his car and went to Dewy. And just putting the sandstone wall up. Yeah, some paving and also just built some walls. Yeah, so the bricks, like laid bricks for the wall. Yeah, there's pavers there. Great pavers. Yeah, pavers. Yeah, about 5.30, I think, quarter past. Yeah, I'm not too sure what time it was, but it was between 5 and 5.30. I was home around 6. Went to my mate's place, got in my car straight away, and then headed home. I was around 7. Yeah, just before. He did? Yeah. No, no, we just basically chatted, had a talk about a camp that we're involved with next year with kids. So we sort of, me and all three of us were involved with the organizing and the running of it. So we just sort of had our first meeting for that. McDonald's. Yeah, a couple. No, had a cup of tea after two beers, and then home. No, it would have been just around 9ish, a bit after 9, I imagine. No, straight to bed. Or watched a bit of TV. It was rubbish, and I was tired, so I went to bed. 6.20, that's correct. Around the corner. No, not off the top of my head. Yeah, on Motivale Road. And we made a comment how they cause havoc with traffic. No, no, we passed them without incident. Off the top of my head, there was about three or four over, say, a 50-meter range, distance. No, no. I'm not aware of that. No, I don't recall that. Don't remember that at all. No, no. Nightcoming. Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcombing Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming Nightcoming No comment.