 Okay, well it's a Thursday again so yesterday, well yesterday was pretty much like it was last week so I know it's a little bit the same routine as every year. So I woke up in the morning, took me a little bit longer to get out of bed so I wasn't really feeling quite as fresh as normal, so I had a bit of a stretch and then got up, got myself ready for work. So I had a shower and washed my hair and then just put my hair up and I had porridge yesterday morning and then I had some toast with avocado on it. Then I brushed my teeth, I got dressed and came into work and yesterday I wore jeans, a shirt and a blazer because, just mainly because I wanted to wear my black shoes and sort of like the shoes decided the rest of the outfit. Then I drove in yesterday because I was going to gym in the afternoon and came into work and nothing exciting happened at work yesterday. Pretty much at my desk from the time I clocked on which was about 7 30 until I left about three o'clock. So, oh sorry it was four o'clock yesterday. So through the day it was mainly just doing a lot of reading, trying to write up an email message. So it needs to go out as just a general message and they're actually quite, I find a lot harder to write than they probably sound. So I did all that and just caught up with a few people from work, discussed a couple of the different audits that we were doing, how we were going to be writing things up, what we needed to do, where the files were being kept. I organised to do some, well it's training and going to a conference next week so I submitted all that paperwork through the command. Then about four o'clock I headed off to the gym, got there in good time. It was lovely, the traffic was pretty good for a change. Normally it starts banking up and you sort of drive really quickly and then you slow down to nothing and then drive really quickly, slow down to nothing. So it was a quite gradual drive all the way through. And then I went to the gym and my trainer and I had lots of laughs because I have absolutely no upper body strength. So he was getting me to do lots of push-ups and pull-ups and I was agonising and groaning and complaining all my way through it. But we've got a pretty good relationship so it's a bit more laughing than anything and he just keeps making me do it until I finish the set he wants me to do. So I felt pretty good though because I had done 18 minutes of a jog, which I hate jogging, I loathe and detest it, I've never got into the zone that they keep talking about. So I was feeling pretty, pretty proud of myself and pretty, pretty impressed with myself for doing all of that. So now all I have to do is run a little bit faster and I'll be pretty well set. So I did that then I went and did food shopping in the evening, just picking up for the week. I find it's easier just to do it when I've got the car so you're not having to lug all the stuff home and sort of waiting at the train station or waiting at the lights and the lights take forever when you've got food shopping on your back. Then headed on home, um what else did I do? Yeah, watched a bit of television, packed away my food shopping, had something to eat and that was about it. For dinner I was a bit cheaty because I had gone food shopping so I had a scone from The Baker's Delight. I went to bed about quarter to ten. For lunch I had a tuna and mushroom salad and what else? Oh and I also had, I had a yogurt and I had some corn thins with that as well. Corn thins, they're like crackers but with corn. Last night I watched a repeat episode of what is it called? Modern Family and then I had a shower so I wasn't really watching anything when when I finished with that and then in the evening, what did I watch? There's a question. Oh I watched The Simpsons and Futurama. I watched that and then I watched 15 minutes of Law and Order LA before I went to bed. Uh the alarm went off about quarter past five and I actually got out of bed about 20 to 6. Yeah that's normally. For that amount of time, yes. I'm hoping with the daylight saving the sun coming up will get me up a bit more. No I had porridge and I put some sesame seeds on there and I had some toast with avocado on it. Uh no just one of the sachets with water. In winter when I need a little bit of comfort food? Toast and avocado. Uh yes but I prefer it on white bread which isn't as good for you so again it's more of a comfort food thing in winter. I had a whole meal and oats bread. No I wore jeans, a shirt and a blazer. Uh on the weekends yes and then to work maybe just once or twice so it's you know you want to dress reasonably well for work. Bus eat is 5 to 0. No it was a little bit quiet there were probably four or five people on there when I got on and it just fills up a little bit as... Oh actually no thinking this morning I caught the... I drove in yesterday. It was just me in the car yeah. Uh yes sort of two or three times a week I catch the bus. Uh no I drive in. Not to work because uh for the station I've got to get to I have to go into the city or into Strathfield and then change to come all the way back out to Parramatta and it's not worth it. I'd say they were lying I didn't go to the train station yesterday. No I go to the gym after work. No it's too early for me to get down there and my trainer likes his sleep in more than I do. Got into work about 7 30. Not really because I find it's just a little bit too late for me to to start getting stuff done. Uh emails didn't do any audits just followed up on paperwork from other audit. No I had a tuna salad with mushrooms. I do have salmon but not really for lunch I like it when it's nicely freshly seared and that's a little bit complicated to do in the lunchroom. Uh no no just uh lettuce and mushrooms and then tomato sorry lettuce and mushrooms and then I had the tuna. No not there. Uh no for lunch I had a yogurt as a dessert and then for dinner that evening I didn't do dessert. Given I have a soy yogurt and there's only three varieties I think it was either blueberry or apricot one of the two. Uh I had corn thins. Uh I think it's six or seven of them. Finish work about four. Then I went to the gym yes. No I drove to the gym. Uh yeah it's not on uh to catch the bus it means again it's two or three transfers and then you're sitting there going well it kind of defeats the purpose of trying to get there on time so. I did an 18 minute jog. I figure I'll be good if I can get up to 20 minutes. Uh all up I was probably there for about an hour. I went food shopping to just down at the local supermarket. Uh it's called modern family it's called. Modern family. Uh occasionally if I'm home and I can't think of anything else to watch or I'm just flicking through channels. Uh they may have come in a little bit later. I may have been out of the office gone to pick up a cup of coffee or gone to the the bathroom so they may have seen me come into the office a little bit later but I was in at 7 30. Now about quarter to 10. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.