 Okay, I woke up around quarter to six. I got up, had a shower and got dressed, ready for work. I waited until my wife was ready because she was travelling to Canberra for business. So I stayed there and farewelled her probably around 6.30. Okay, I then set up our slow cooker because I was trying a new recipe for a slow cooked roast beef. So I put the lump of beef in the slow cooker along with the marinade that I'd made up the night before and set it on low with the intention that it would cook all day. Jumping ahead a little bit, yes it did and it was very nice. It was a success. After I'd done that I tidied our bedroom a little bit for the perverse reason that we have the cleaners coming on Tuesday and we need to tidy up for the cleaners. So that probably took me only five to ten minutes. Sufficient to mean that I did miss my train to work so that I was late arriving at work although not particularly late, maybe 20 minutes or so. So I arrived at work probably shortly after eight o'clock. I then spent the day writing reports that were required of me by my boss and one in particular which took me most of the day to write about some very specific technical matters but I finished that probably about quarter to four and in between that I had a lunch break. I had brought my own lunch which I prepared the night before and then after I'd eaten my lunch I went for a walk just around the streets to get the blood circulating again. I left work at about quarter to four as I said and arrived home by train at around five o'clock to the smell of my delicious roast beef wafting through the house. Because my wife was away it was just my son, the one son I've got that lives at home and I that had dinner together probably about 6.30 or 7. I fed the dogs and then watched television until about nine o'clock in which case, which time I was ready to go to bed. So it was a fairly uneventful day. Breakfast I had porridge and blueberries and a glass of water. I'm not sure if I mentioned I usually catch the train that leaves about twenty to seven but it was probably closer to seven o'clock by the time I caught the train because I was running late. Lunch was a slice of pie which was a tuna ricotta and pea pie that I'd made a few days earlier and a salad, green salad. For dinner last night we had roast sweet potatoes and steamed vegetables, broccoli and snow peas. I watched the news on ABC followed by the 7.30 report and after that I actually don't remember what I watched, that wasn't very enticing. Probably Foreign Correspondent I think, whatever was on Channel 2. Last Saturday I struggle to remember particularly. Certainly went and visited my daughter and our grandson and played with him for a while. Her husband was away for the week in Brisbane for family matters. So my wife and I just helped look after our little grandson and gave my daughter a chance to have a rest because she's six and a half months pregnant again. Very good question. I think I had the rugby on which was, I think that was the, wasn't the Australian New Zealand game, it must have been the Wales France game. I watched a bit of that. No I got up earlier than that, I think probably around quarter to six or six am, whatever time I mentioned. I usually get up about 5.30. No I had porridge and blueberries. Yes. I did a little bit, I tidied, well I probably didn't mention that but yes again because the cleaners are coming, you've got to tidy up first. But I also tidied my bedroom. House cleaners, yes, which includes the carpet. No, no, no I caught the train to work. The train Hornspeed to Strathfield is a six carriage train and the Strathfield to Parramatta is an eight carriage train. No it was about quarter past eight. No I didn't have any meetings yesterday but I was writing report. No they were more technical than that. Tuna pie, yes, tuna, pea and mint and ricotta. No, yes I do. I don't recall ever making a salmon pie, no. No I went for a walk. Yes where possible I like to go for a walk after lunch just for 15 or 20 minutes or so. No it was around 4pm. These days no, I used to work longer hours but I don't anymore. No, train home again, no. Yes, certainly when I worked at the other place I used to drive because there was no alternative. These days purely for I guess financial as much as any other reasons I prefer to catch the train. But on occasions I will drive. No it was around 4ish, around 4pm. No we had slow roast beef with sweet potato and green vegetables. No, no it was roast beef, sweet potato. No, I just had green vegetables, steamed green vegetables. The dogs, I fed the dogs. No we don't have cats, no, neither do the dogs. No I watch television. No I watched the ABC News and 7.30 report and I think I watched the Foreign Correspondent after that. No it was probably about 9 o'clock I think. Yes about that time. I do these days, yes. No on Saturday I watched the rugby. Yes I did, until it got too depressing. No comment.