 Yesterday, yesterday, yesterday, yesterday for a change. Okay, I was up at 3.45am, had a shower, had a shave, went downstairs, made myself breakfast, which was poached eggs on toast, left home at 4.50am, which is at Angerdeen, and headed to work, which is in at the SPC, arrived there at 5.20am. When I got to work, I got changed, I went and jumped on the computer, had a look at the emails that had come through overnight, had a look at the cops entries that had come through overnight. I then commenced work with the rest of the staff there on a backlog operation, which we started at six and worked through till nine. We then had a smoke-out break for 15 minutes in the middle room there. We then recommenced doing the backlog work, which involved test firing of firearms for me for the next two hours, up until about 11.15am. From 11.15am to 12.30am, I did administration work on examinations I'd finished. I then had lunch at 12.30am for approximately 40 minutes, whereby I had four days. Chicken burger and chips. After lunch, back and did further examinations up until 3.00pm. From 3.00pm to 3.30pm, admin work, just completing folders on the examinations. 3.30pm, finished, got changed, jumped on my motorbike, rode home, arrived about 4.30pm, went for a drive with my wife and the two dogs we have to one of the local parks till 5.30pm. Came home, sat on the couch and watched TV for half an hour, watched the news. From six to seven, we cooked tea, had tea, watched TV from seven until eight o'clock, and then went and had a shower, went to bed by 8.30pm. Dinner last night, we had, actually I went to dinner last night. Isn't that terrible? Now you're testing me. Fish, sorry, yeah, salmon. What'd I do on Saturday? I worked as well. Last day off was on Friday. On that Friday, I stayed at home for the majority of the day and worked on bits and pieces around the house. Friday night, no, we did not go out Friday night. No, no. Came home, had tea and went to bed. Breakfast on Friday, probably pretty much the usual. Paged eggs on toast, cup of tea. Thursday was another day off, up prior to coming into work on the weekend. Thursday, I went and had a massage, then I went down the street for a while because my wife was working. Wandered around, had a look at a few shops, not doing anything really. Came home, watched a few shows that I'd taped on the TiVo. When my wife got home, took the dogs for a walk, had tea and went to bed. Law and order, unforgettable, and prime suspect. No, about 3.45, no. I rode my motorbike to work about 4.45, 4.50. Takes about, no, it takes about 40 minutes, 30 minutes, between 30 and 40 minutes. Yep, that's right, yep. No, I did examinations first up. Yes, did test firing on firearms that we'd prepared. I enjoyed my chicken burger and chips. No, I didn't. Positive, had four days. I don't have booze. No, no, no, not at all. No, finished work at 3.30. Yep, no, rode my motorbike again. Yep, not, no, I didn't, no. No, that'd be wrong. About four o'clock, that's half an hour after I leave work. Usually I'm hitting the Princess Highway at about Cogra Tafe. Yeah, at the Cogra Tafe. No, no, no, that's usually what I pass about that time. That's just a landmark I can use as a reference point. I honestly don't know where Smith Street would be unless, I don't even know what suburb you're talking about. I pass through about five, six suburbs, maybe seven suburbs on my way home. No, none. On the weekend, oh, Friday, sorry, not the weekend, on Friday. I normally give it a wash once I work and I go over the bike then to make sure everything's right. Not then, there wasn't, no. Yes, when I went home, no, we had a break for half an hour. Then I took the wife and I took the dogs up to the park and had a run around with the dogs. Yeah, roughly now. No, not yesterday. There was probably half a dozen families having a party there. A few other people turned up with dogs, that type of thing, but they didn't stay for long. No, other than that, there was nothing really that occurred. No, it's just a council, it's a council park beside the local rural fire service building. Not supposed to be on the lead, but we all do. No, I wasn't, no. No, no, it's by anyone, so. No, we didn't, no. When we got home, we watched a bit of TV, I think, yes. It would have been news, yeah. No, we don't eat trout. Salmon, salmon last night for two. I bought it from the shop. No, not if you're a fisherman. Yeah, definitely had salmon. Salad, sorry. Yeah, green salad. No, about eight o'clock. Yeah, 7.30, eight o'clock. No. Do you ever read any? Not for a while, not since I've started this job I'm in. Yes, pretty much the same time between 5.20 and 5.30 AM. At the SPC, motorbikes were allowed to park in the parking lot. Yes, didn't drive the car, no. My car stays at home, usually, in the carport at home. Yes, yeah, so it is a couple of times, just to Bunnings and those sort of places, just to get bits and pieces. Drove my ute, yes. Oh, it's got a couple of dings in it, but they're old, it's old damage, not new. Not that I'm aware of, no. Yep, no worries. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.