 I got up and had some breakfast and decided to take my daughter to the swimming pool where we proceeded to have a swim and that took about an hour or two hours and then we proceeded to have some lunch and then pretty much relaxed the whole day and watched movies on TV before going to bed. I got up about 9.30, 10 o'clock, about 10.30. I made a mushroom omelette. I'd say about 11, 12 o'clock. We had a fish stir fry with some rice and a nice salad, green salad. That's right. We watched about two or three movies. One was Judge Dredd which was a sci-fi futuristic sort of movie. The other movie was, what was the other movie? I can't remember it now. I think it was Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Shrek 3, late afternoon, so about 5 o'clock, 5, 6 o'clock. I had dinner about 7 o'clock or so. I had some Vietnamese dish, so it was a rice and beef sort of stew. Don't ask me what it was called because I don't know. Just relax and watch some TV. What did I watch? We watched, I think 60 Minutes was on a little bit, I think, or 7. Oh no, wait, it was after that. I don't remember what I was watching. I was just flicking through the channels to be honest with you. Went to bed about 9.30. No, straight to bed. Saturday, pretty much the same thing except we went to the shops earlier in the day. Just had a browser around in the shops. Had some lunch at the shopping centre as well and then came back home and lazed around the house. Drove my car, I'd say about 2 hours, 2 and a half hours. About midday to about 2 o'clock, oh sorry, yeah, 1.30, 2 o'clock, something like that. Not at all, no. I don't know anything about that but my brother took the car that same afternoon. I don't know, I have no idea. He just said he wanted to borrow it. That's after we came back from the shopping centre. Got back about 2.30. He took it maybe about 2, just right after, about quarter to 3 or 3 o'clock. It wasn't long, it was about an hour, so about 4 o'clock. Sorry, 2.45, that's right, and he brought it back about 4 o'clock or so. No, didn't have any reason to, he just brought it back and he said, oh yeah, thanks and that was it. He does drive my vehicles, yeah. He does, yep. As far as I'm aware, he does, yes. Yeah, I drove it into work this morning. Not that I, well I didn't expect it, I just drove it, you know, I start work early in the morning so you don't expect I just drove it. To the pools, that's correct, something like that. We had breakfast at 10.30, so about 11 o'clock to 1 o'clock, yep, no. Had fish, fish and rice casserole sort of thing, with salad. That's correct. We've got loads of DVDs and we've got Fox sells as well, so we just watched it there. No, incorrect. No, I don't. Judge Dredd, yeah, it was quite a good movie. Yeah, it was a good kids movie, that's correct. Yeah, about 7.30 I'd say it was, yes. No, incorrect. I had a Vietnamese dish, beef casserole, with rice thing, beef stew thing. No, takeaway. We ordered in, so they came and delivered it. I believe so, yes. Well, I didn't venture out, it could have, I don't know, but yeah, I believe it was inside at the driveway. Went to bed about 9.30. Yes, I presume so, yep. Yesterday it was, no, it was the day before, I believe about 3.30, 3.30, yep. It was at, well, we came home about 3 o'clock, so he took the car about 3.30, so I drove it back from the shops and then he asked. No, we drove around, I'm not aware of Smith Street in Parramatta, so if there was one I didn't come across it. Definitely. Me and my daughter at the time, he was only an hour, so he brought about 4.30, 4 o'clock, 4.30. Yes, up to, yeah. 2.30 we were having lunch in the shopping centre, about 2, quarter to 3. Yes, I didn't cross over, not at all. Drove the car. I don't usually make a habit of inspecting the vehicle, if it turns on and it drives and, well apart from the time I was swimming with my daughter, so the keys were in my shoe, in my right shoe, while we were swimming. Bill Smith, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment.