 Okay, Saturday was a hen's day. It was a pretty early start. I had everyone come to my house at 10 o'clock in the morning to then get the 10.34 bus into the city to then get the ferry. I think it was, I think we had to get the 11.06 ferry to ensure we got over to Watson's Bay Hotel at quarter to 12 to then make sure we had to be there up until 12.30 so we allowed in case we missed the next ferry because they gave the tables away at 12.30 so we had to get over there at that time. So we got there early. We went straight to the bar, sorted out what we were going to drink for the day and then we ordered some seafood and we sat there until at least about six o'clock or so. So it was a long afternoon, quite a few people sort of in and out and dropping in and and if you don't want me to go into so much detail I'll stop but I'll keep going detail. So then we were trying to work out what the last ferry was. I didn't expect to stay there that long but we did because we were quite comfortable just sort of sitting there having games and chatting and a lot of people sort of were meeting new people for the first time so there was different groups and then we got the ferry back and I was trying to encourage just to make it a bit more cheaper. I had everything organized at home just to go home and have some cocktails and sit at home and have a barbecue. So but in before getting to there we sort of stopped off and went to another bar first. So we probably finished up I'd say at 11 o'clock and it was yeah a long day but it was good fun. So and do you want me to go into Sunday? Woke up probably about eight o'clock there was quite a few people that stayed at my place so by the time we all got up we probably cooked brekkie about 10 o'clock and everyone sort of disappeared. My mum and another lady went travelled back home and everyone disappeared and I went shopping to see if I can find some weeding shoes. I didn't want to but I had to and then I went back to the couch after that. Birkenhead Point no. So did you drive your car? Yes. So you were saying? Oh did I get up probably eight. I missed a whole lot and then you all got there? Yes yep they all got there I said by 10 o'clock in the morning. How many people? At least eight yes really yes. So you said you got up at about? Oh we cooked like a hot breakfast so scrambled eggs and bacon a bit of grilled tomato toast the usual naughty breakfast. How many? Probably I'd say at least six. And did you? Mum and myself and probably another girl helped out as well. Before you went? Yes we did yeah we had just sandwiches and whatever was left over in the fridge so I would have had a steak with some leftover salad. So what? Would have been at least three at least two or three anyway. So you were saying? No about an hour before a date. And you caught the train? No I got the bus in. If there was a train near me but there's not so the buses are straight into the city from my place. So then you went to Darling Harbour? No I went to Circular Quay yeah. And you went? Watson's Bay Hotel. And there you had Italian for nibblies? Straight into seafood. Seafood? Yeah seafood platter. That order? Yes that was it. Just kept bringing up? No that was just one meal and that was it. Oh. So no other food just that one meal that we had at lunchtime. And then? Yeah. So? Oh we were yes we were having a good time. So then by? No we got the ferry it wasn't the last ferry but it was pretty close to the last ferry back over to Circular Quay. Oh at least if I do a quick head count. One two three four five I think seven about eight or nine. When you were on the ferry coming back? Roughly I think so. Um do you remember? No. You don't remember? No. We've received information you were involved a group and that there was a little bit of shoving in a bit of a? No we sat there and um basically took in all the views because a lot of people aren't from Sydney so we were just admiring all the homes and having a little giggle on the on the on the ferry. So we were inside uh I don't think there was too many that were around us so no we didn't come across anyone any lady or any altercation at all so. Okay um you said that you were in toxic? Mm-hmm um knowing what to do um it was I think because we did eat and we did have quite a few drinks um but not would have been absolutely but um knowing what what's going on what time where we were who I'm around clear picture of what's what's sort of happening so. Um do you remember falling? No. If I got in when you were on the end um? No because I wore some good shoes that I wouldn't fall down in um no because we were seated on the actual ferry in the seats so once you sort of sit down before it even takes off so we didn't get up at any stage to even think of falling down so we just sort of sat in the seats the whole time so there was no falling overall and then once you get off the ferry's actually stopped so I didn't get up as soon as I got on and didn't run into anyone or hit anyone or fall over. Um when you got off? No we went to to reassess um how we're all going to get home so we just went to the nearest bar that was right there at the ferry and and got our thoughts together there. Okay and then um you went home a um roast? No just the barbecue no we didn't actually get the blender out so it was probably more champagne and just wine and well the plan was but they weren't officially made so that was the intention to do cocktails but um pretty much we just had a few on ice just some wine on ice but we didn't really overly drink back there because we all sort of had enough. Okay so there was there's about three? No it could have been at least I don't know nine or eight or nine. And you um all went to bed? No at least at least by 11 and everyone sort of went back home and a few people stayed. So about? No about uh what'd I say six? Um I've got to make a new inquiry. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comet, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment,