 Okay, I woke, I had a sleep in yesterday, so I didn't have to get up till six o'clock. Showered, fed the dogs, made my breakfast, which was my peanut butter and jam sandwich, and headed off to Penrith where I had to do my DEFTAC training. I arrived a little bit early, so I grabbed a coffee from across the road. Then I went upstairs and trained with eight others. We had a girl there who's only been in the job 18 months and she's 50. She was quite chatty, so I've pretty much got her life history in the two days that I've been with her. What did we do first thing? Oh, first, I dread DEFTAC, but anyway, it was fine. We first had to do our simunition, and we worked in three. It was actually an incident that actually did happen, so that's the scenario that they've given us this year. I went with the girl, we were as partners, and our supervisor was to turn up later. Anyway, we went there, it was supposed to be a hold-up alarm at a pub. We get there, and the person at the bar actually has hit the hold-up alarm because they're in panic, because there's a man standing there with a knife in the pub. So, our job was to sort that out. Anyway, we get there, I got the knife off the guy, made him put his hands in the air, and I grabbed the knife and was still talking to him, trying to work out why he had the knife. And then next minute, I was shot in the back. Two bullets, and I had no idea. Then they told me to get on the ground, I'm shot. The supervisor comes in, so then his job was to look after me and give me first aid. Then next minute, he's throwing me across the room for cover, so that I was out, because we didn't know where the shooter was. Anyway, and then the scenario finished, but I think I survived, and I think we ended up getting the baddie, but yeah, all was good. That was the first scenario. What was the second scenario? I can't even remember. I don't know. And then we just had some revision on different drills with our weapons, and then we decided not to stop for lunch, because we always wanted to go home early. But that didn't happen, because we had taser training, and I'm not taser trained. So we had a bit of taser training, a taser lecture, and got out of there about three o'clock. Then I did some shopping in Penrith, looking for Halloween stuff for my cruise, but didn't have any luck. Bought a shirt for Hubby and I. And then I got home about five o'clock. He cooked dinner as usual. Did his prawn in pasta and a white sauce. Then it was Wild Boys on telly in Bed by Eight. About, say, how about seven? Drove. I think 5.30. I actually walked to the shop, so I left my car and I just walked down. Got up from the wedding from the night before, and had breakfast. They put on breakfast. We had bacon and egg rolls and some fruit. And then we drove back home, which was about a two-hour trip. And my dad was up from Melbourne, so I spent a few hours with him down by the water. And then we had dinner. What did we cook him? Oh, we did lamb back straps in a salad. And had it early night again, about eight o'clock. We all crashed. I think that was like 5.30, six o'clock. I made the salad. Hubby cooked the meat. We did. Yep. No. No. My car, we didn't take my car on the weekend. Two was in the garage at home. It's only insured for myself and husband, and my husband was with me. And we actually drove my brother's car on Sunday. No. Don't think so. It's in the garage. When I last watched it, so it was about two weeks ago. No. Nine years old. No. Oh, there's probably a scratch. Yeah. No. No. I was at home. My car was in the garage and it wasn't me. Halloween. On a cruise. Yeah. No. Just to Melbourne and back. No. We had a prawn pass. No. No. Last night was wild boys. No. Yes, it did. Okay. No, that's at my home. So we're at home and we just went down to the water. I've got a river on my... My property's on a river. No. Yesterday. Uh, yeah, yesterday. No. The only Smith Street I know is in Parramatta. And I don't know when I last drove on Smith Street. No. So it was nowhere near Parramatta. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.