 what was yesterday, Tuesday, up about 6am. About 8 o'clock I had one grandson delivered to me, who I take to swimming lessons. At 8.30 to be at the swimming school, but 9am, he has half an hour of swimming, half an hour of showering and changing. At about 10 o'clock we leave and take him back to his parents' place, or on this particular day we went to the workshop, where the mother and the father were. He didn't want to go to the park and have sandwiches and all the things he normally has, I don't know why. So I left all that with him and I went home. What I did after that, took the male dog for a walk, only around the yard because he had a cruciate ligament operation about four months ago and he's not allowed to run wild, because it'll ruin his knee again, and we're not paying $5,000 a second time. Then I mucked around at home for a certain length of time and about 3 o'clock I went down to my son's workshop and I installed some little metal brackets I designed to screw into a bench top under which were some cupboard drawers and on top of which were some more metal drawers. And I did that so that the grandchildren, when they decide to be stupid, didn't pull anything on top of their head. So there are some metal brackets there now, hopefully it'll stop them falling on their heads. Then I went home an hour later and what happened after that? My son-in-law arrived with my trailer, which everyone else but myself uses, and we loaded some old steam pipe into that, which is so it can go to a scrap metal yard on Friday. And after that I got the dog's tea ready, got everything else ready for tea when my wife arrived home from work. Oh, and I also ironed some shirts. What else? Vacuumed the bloody dog hair up, which is a requirement about twice a week for German shorthaired pointers. Please don't buy two at once. And that's about the day. Light and tasty, manufactured by Sanitarium. I don't think I had any, from memory. Two sausages, one piece of rib-eye steak, which I'd cooked before Heather came home, and vegetables. Yes, the news, 7.30 report, and the ABC program at 8 o'clock, and then turned it, at 8.30, turned it off, because there was only rubbish, in my opinion. About 10pm, washed up, let the dogs out for a run, so they can do their piddle and poos before they go to bed, and hopefully avoid a 1.45 wake-up call by the female dog. But I got a 1.45 wake-up call from her again. Sometime during the day I read the paper. Yes, drove our Subaru out back. Yes, I drove back to the son's workshop, and then went home. Same vehicle. No, she doesn't need to go for a walk, so you can run round the yard and rip it up and get her exercise. It's a male called Morse. No, it's Muesli. Just light and tasty. It's a breakfast cereal. Not normally for breakfast, but I'm a Vegemite person. I have a number of coffees during the day. No, I took my grandson to swimming. Yes, he goes to the Aquabus training twice a week, on a Tuesday at 9am and a Saturday at 11am. And now the swimming season's started, he's trying to swim 25 metres at the West Thimbles pool for the Karingai Amateur Swimming Club. No, I drove. Yes. No, one half hour. One half hour. Only half an hour. No, his father's workshop. My son's. No, once every five years. No, no, sometimes. Didn't today. Yes, I fitted little metal brackets to the wooden bench top, which kept the metal compartments in place on the metal, on the wooden bench top. So if kids do the wrong thing, it doesn't fall off and land on top of them. My son-in-law. Yes, old steam pipe. Washed up. Yes, I think I also put loads for the washing. Oh no, I washed up. Yeah, I did the clothes washing the day before. No, that was the day before. I did washing up, sorry, kitchen washing up yesterday. I think I foiled them the day before. My iron 3 shirt. Yes, I vacuum around the dog cages. No, two sausages and a piece of rib eye steak. It's the best steak in the world. Sweet potato, cabbage and broccoli. Yep. No, it's about 10 o'clock. 10 p.m. Didn't read a book. I read a paper. Sometimes during the day. No comment.