 Ah, okay. It was my son's birthday yesterday, so I woke at quarter to seven and got myself ready for work, dressed, did my hair and my makeup. Firstly woke my daughter and then woke my other son and gave them the presents to take into their big brother and wake him up. And so he opened his presents. And then once we did that, we went downstairs, had a quick breakfast. I dropped them at the neighbor's house. My youngest son I took to preschool and I came to work. Caught a bus to get to work. The bus was at 10 past eight. Caught the 10 past eight bus to get me to work at quarter to nine. Started work at nine o'clock. Ran downstairs, grabbed a coffee from Dushankar, came back upstairs, tended to office duties, checked some emails, replied to some emails, spoke to my off-sider, went to lunch at about one o'clock, went to the shop next door to get my lunch, which was a Caesar salad. Ate it in the meal room, then finished lunch at 1.30, back to my desk, did some office duties once again, had a cup of tea around about 2.30, and ended my shift at 4.30. Walked to the bus stop, caught the bus home, got home at about 5.30, grabbed the kids from next door, took them home, got them changed out of their school uniforms, asked my son what he wanted for dinner. He wanted some Chinese soup. So packed them in the car, drove them. As we were driving, we rang the Chinese restaurant and ordered dinner. Then we quickly slipped over to Woolies, bought some profiteroles and viennetta ice cream cake. Went and picked up the Chinese, got home, had long and short soup combination, all of us, with a little bit of anchovy bowl. Then some friends dropped in to give my son a birthday present and cut the cakes with us. In the meantime, my husband was ringing left, right and centre to try and speak to my son to say happy birthday. And then 8.30, the visitors left, the kids went to bed. I folded some washing, I spoke to my husband on Skype and I went to bed at about 10.30. Um, I don't think I had breakfast yesterday. The kids had breakfast. Yeah, I often don't eat anything for breakfast. No, I went to the next door neighbour's house, dropped the kids off, two of them, at pre-school. No, they're not in high school, no. No, I caught a bus to work. Yes. No, I don't, too crowded. Um, 35 minutes actually. Yes. Sometimes it can take longer, yes. No, not usually shorter. No, it was about quarter to nine I got to work. No, I was definitely here at quarter to nine. No, I grabbed a coffee from downstairs. Um, no, it was a mocha yesterday. Yes, I do. No, I think I read my emails. No, I spoke to my off-sider. Uh, no, there was no one else at work yesterday. Yes, I think I had lunch, yes. Uh, it's actually a chicken Caesar salad, it was. Um, lettuce, bacon, chicken, Caesar salad sauce, uh, croutons, eggs. Yes. Yes, cheese. I forgot the cheese. No, I had a cup of tea at 2.30. I usually have a cup of tea in the afternoon. No, I left work at 4.30. Yes. No, I definitely left at 4.30, that's what time I left. No, I caught the bus home. Yes, I drove to the next-door neighbour's house. The kids. Uh, Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Yep. Yeah, I think it'd be around six. Yep. No, we had, um, combination long and short soup and sanchoi bao from the Chinese restaurant. No, that would have been about quarter past six by the time we got it and got home. Friends. Friends came around. No. Yes. Yes, he did, yep. No, kids went to bed just after 8.30. I did some folding after they went to bed. No. No, didn't do any ironing. No. No, I don't like housework. No, I spoke to him on Skype on the computer. No, it was about 10.30 when I went to bed. No. No. No, I didn't have anything for breakfast yesterday. I don't think I had porridge yesterday. I don't think so. I didn't, I can't recall having anything yesterday for breakfast. No. Um, no, I watched Kendra last night. Kendra. Kendra Wilkinson, she's one of the girls from the Playboy Mansion. As I was watching Kendra, yep. Folding the washing, yep, yes. No comment.