 Oh, what a day I had. I get up at 4am and I have to leave home at 25 past 4 to get my, at the moment, the bus because the trains aren't working. Anyway, so I raced to get the bus and got there and as I'm getting my keys out of the car, I mean I got out of the car, I noticed that the key fell off my key ring. So I grabbed that, then I go and grab my bags but I forgot which order I did this in. Then the bus comes, so I quickly close the door, race onto the bus and when I get onto the bus, the key that I've picked up is not there and I went, I need that key because it's a car key with electronic. So I go to the busman, stop the bus, I'm missing something, so I have to let that bus go. Then I come and come back to the car park, key's not there. Stupid me didn't look in the car until I dropped it in the car because I didn't think I'd been there. Anyway, so I get the next bus, I saw everyone I know, the buses, check the other bus, la la la, can't find it. Anyway, I think to myself, maybe it is in the car. So I got hubby to check on his way through and that's where it was. So at least that was one disaster that was solved for the day. And then I got to work then late, so I was 15 minutes late for work because I had because of that, but that's okay. And then just worked as normal in the office and then I started boot camp at lunchtime yesterday. We went from 12, well we met at 12.30, we go half an hour session and then by the time we have a shower, so we're away for an hour. So that went okay, well it didn't really because I just know that I'm so unfit and even one part I couldn't run, I had to just walk it through, so very unfit. And then, but at least that started, so I plan to do that twice a week now. And so I left four o'clock, got the bus and train, that went okay. Got home, hubby had dinner ready, so and then watched a bit of telly and went to bed about eight o'clock. So we watched Wild Boys that we had taped on Sunday. Porridge, it was his, avocado chicken with a carrot and celery cream sauce and veggie. Sort of a tuna Caesar salad. No, I usually have tuna with something, but that's the first time I've had a Caesar with it. Six o'clock, I usually start at quarter to, about 12. About 5.30 yesterday. No, should have, but no. Yes, Parham come over at 2.30, had a BTS meeting about a compass enhancement. No, nothing else. No, I got up at four, I actually have breakfast when I get to work. Yes, now I'm rostered at 5.45. No, I don't know who Mary is and I actually did start late yesterday, but it was at six o'clock. Well, I did bus and train, yes. No, I drove car. No, I lost a key. Found it in the car. Yes. Tuna salad. Yes. Caesar, so I had Caesar dressing. Well, it was sort of Caesar. It was cos lettuce, Caesar dressing, cheese and a bit of avocado and the tuna. No. Yes, I do. No, planning to have duck salad today. Yes, we did some, what do you call that? You don't trot, you print or you? No, we jogged. Yes, jogged. No. No, no. 5.30 and had dinner. I got home at 5.30 and he's timed it so dinner's like at 5.40, something like that. Yes, ready when I get home. No, it was, what was it? Avocado chicken with the creamy sauce. Yes, not with that particular dish. No, no, that was the night before. We watched Wild Boys last time. No, no, didn't get to walk the dog. No. Porridge. Yes, and some fruit and a bit of honey. Yeah, I make the porridge with water and I put milk on top to cool it down. Oh yeah. No, I don't eat it very much these days. Too much sugar. Yes. Yeah, I don't know what Mary's talking about. I started it sick. Yeah, I think there's a few in the office that were there when I arrived. 6 o'clock. Yep. No, I drove the car to the bus and when I got there that's when the key fell off the key ring and some power lost it between the car and the bus. Yes. No, it had fallen off the key ring for one of our cars. Yeah, for the Toyota. No, I jumped off the bus and went back then and there to look for it. Yep. No, I didn't even go back to the car. Stupid me. So no, I didn't have a bike. I have a motorbike, but don't ride a Pushman. Yep. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.