 Yesterday my alarm went off at quarter past four, which hurt, so I pressed the snooze button until twenty past four. I got up and had a shower, and then I had breakfast and fed the dogs, drove to work. I got to work and did changeover with the night shift, I did rosters, I did admin. The sun was shining outside and it made me really depressed, so I decided that I was going to go for a drive. And that was really, really good until I realised that I was driving an unmarked, useless car. And so then I went back to the station and finished up my paperwork. I left work and when I got back to my car I realised that I'd forgotten to put the sun's shade in the windscreen, and it was cooking hot inside there. So I've just got a new car, it's got leather seats, and it burnt. So I won't be making that mistake again. Traffic was a nightmare. So when I got home, one of our neighbours was around, so we had a drink, said hello, and when he left I sat down on the couch and didn't move again until it was bedtime. Yes, I slept through most of it. I remember the news, my sister was on the news, she was in the background when the Queen came so I saw her for about a microsecond, it was very exciting. I can't remember what else. I slept through pretty much everything. I don't know. My partner woke me up to have dinner. A roast, we had lamb roast. Potato? I had yogurt. About 5.30pm. I had leftover meat, leftover steak Diane, and veggies. About 12pm yesterday. Last weekend we went to the shops, just do our grocery shopping, hung around the house a bit, just doing our general cleaning and washing and all that sort of stuff. We'd been building up for a while so we had to spend a couple of days doing that. And it was a friend of ours birthday so we went out for dinner. I had garlic prawn hotpot which was amazing. My partner wanted chilli prawn hotpot, he thought it would be the same but it wasn't, it was just chillis and prawns. Whereas mine had that really nice tomato sauce so I get to dip my bread and he's going, oh I can't dip anything. But we weren't sitting together so he couldn't even steal mine. It's like, oh I'm not going to share. Balkan Hills, about 11.30pm. Yep. Five minutes later. No. No. I had yogurt for breakfast. Vanilla? No. No. Yes, almost never. Yep. I go to the bathroom very often. It's full of weirdos. 5.30pm. I'd say that they were a bit, they were mistaken. I always get there a little bit early so I've got time to get changed, go to the bathroom, make a coffee and then start my shift at 6pm. No. I'd never get a park so I'd never get there at 7pm. No. I went for a drive. Yep. I went to Alexandria and then I cut through Newtown, had a drive around Newtown and Erskineville, all the way around. And Stanmore and then headed back to Ashfield. I had leftovers for lunch. Yep. Steak and veggies. Steak Diane. Yeah, I drove. And I burnt my iny on the leaves. Because they're leather and they got really hot. Using the window shade that I've got in the car that's meant to go on the windscreen that I forgot to use. No. With our neighbour? Not very often. Yeah, I think so. I think she enjoyed being on the news more. No, I watched telly for a little while and then went to bed. No, I watched the 6 o'clock news. Yep, Channel 9. Roast lamb and potatoes. No. No. Not really. No, after that it was couch time. Not all night. I think about 8.30pm I guess. And just call it a night. So, I wrapped it up at committee I guess. I woke up and then I went to bed. Yeah. I don't think so. No. I don't have a motorcycle. No. No, it wasn't me, I'm pretty sure. No. Yes. For a motorcycle? No. No, he came to our place. I uh, don't think so. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Do.