 When I first got up I stretched out a little bit, just to loosen up the body a little bit. Got up, organised my bag for work, just sort of put all my lunch out, got all that ready. Had a drink of water, sort of meandered around the house. And then I went and had a shower and I had to wash my hair yesterday. So did all of that, then got out, dried off, had breakfast, which was porridge and toast. Then watched a bit of TV, had a cup of coffee and then got dressed for work. So blow dried my hair, put on my makeup, took a couple of minutes to work out what I was going to wear. Then I realised the time, ran downstairs and got in the car and then drove into Parramatta. And it was a really nice easy run yesterday, so that was quite good. Then I parked the car and I went and got a cup of coffee, because I'm a bit of a five cup a day, and went upstairs and we were actually going out and inspecting a couple of external labs yesterday. So we were waiting for someone to come in who got stuck in traffic, so apparently it was really bad down Pennant Hills Road I think it was. So we waited for him to come in and then we headed out to the, basically towards the airport. That was nice, because it was a nice day for a drive if nothing else. So we went out there and we did the inspection, spoke to the people out there. And what was supposed to take us about an hour ended up taking us about three, so we didn't get out of there until about 1.30. And then by the time we made it back to Parramatta it was about three o'clock and it was just a cruisy afternoon until it was time to go to the gym. So I went there and again just sort of cruised through, school traffic wasn't too bad which was good. And got changed and jumped on the treadmill and did my run. So it's only for about 15 minutes which is long enough for me and I'm desperate to get off at the end of that. But I managed to do it so I felt quite good and sort of achieved something. So did that, walked off for a little bit, then my trainer was ready and went through some exercises with him and worked on a couple of different areas. So feeling a little bit stiff and sorry for myself today. And did that, then I went home and I had a friend come over so I was just sort of sitting down and have something to eat and have a bit of a gas bag and a catch up. And then yeah, that was the end of the day. I got up at quarter past five but I got out of bed at probably about half past five. I had porridge and toast for breakfast. I got to work by the time I got myself organised it was 7.30. For lunch I had a, what was it, a turkey and mustard sandwich and then I had a ham and pickle sandwich. Then I had a muesli bar for afternoon tea. Then you went out? I went out to the airport during the day and then to go to the gym I went out to, oh where is it, Girraween. So it's about, yeah, it's about 15, 20 minutes west of Parramatta. I had cheese toast. Neither of us felt like cooking or doing anything extravagant. What did I watch last night? I watched, oh what did I watch, a repeat of The Big Bang Theory and then I also watched Law and Order LA. I probably went to bed about 10.30. My last holiday, ah where did I go? Big proper holiday was I went overseas last May. So I went to Europe. I travel with just convenience more than as much as anything else. I travel with my mum and my aunt and we go away. Great. We all sort of think alike. We do things fairly similarly and because we all know what we're like it's fairly easy to be annoyed at the other one and sort of you get over it within a couple of hours and we all get distracted by something shiny so no one really holds a grudge for that long. It's fun because we all have similar tastes so you don't really have arguments about where you want to go and what you want to see. You can go somewhere, if I want to see something they want to see something else. We just split off and do what we want to do. The biggest problem we have is that we all have similar taste in clothes and jewellery. So you go shopping and you pick something up and it's like, oh I like that too but you can't have the same as me or they buy stuff for their kids. So the way around that I've found is to go, oh that's okay if Jessica has that as well because it's not like we ever see each other that often so we'll never be wearing it at the same time. I've noticed my aunt then just puts it down and sort of walks away from it. So I've worked out that's how I can keep all my stuff fairly unique and that way and then Jessica's not having to wear it, you know, she's not having to be wearing the same things as her cousin who's 20 years older has to wear. So we went to, where did we, I went to Helsinki for three days, loved it. Could go back to Finland in a second, it was just beautiful. It was really hard getting used to the increase in daylight hours. So the sun's sort of up at six, you know, it's up when you wake up at six and it's still up when you go to bed at 10.30 and I think I sort of turned over one night and sort of looked at the clock and it was midnight and outside still bright daylight. But the weirdest part is during the day it's really warm. So you're running around in the sunshine, I got burnt on one of the days when we went out and you go out at night for dinner and I looked out the window and went, oh, it's still sunny, excellent. Went outside, froze, it was freezing cold. Whereas here in Australia, if the sun's up, it's warm. If the sun's not out, it's cold. Over there the sun can still be up but it's freezing cold. So I'd have to keep diving back into the hotel, grab my coat and head out and it just felt really ridiculous to be walking around in bright sunshine with a winter coat on. Was that in London? No, that was in Helsinki. So yeah, really quite strange. So I thought I wouldn't mind having a look at the rest of Finland and going a little bit further north and seeing what that's like. Then from there we went to, I met up with my mum and my aunts in Bergen, which is in Norway and that's a beautiful place. Stunning part of the world, everybody there, very friendly people, easy to walk around and it was just stunning. The scenery is stunning and it's just a beautiful place to live in. Then we went to, where did we go? From there we went to Oslo, which was a lot of fun because they had the Eurovision song contest on and I love my Eurovision so I was in absolute heaven for three days running around. Then from there we caught the train across to the capital of Sweden that I've forgotten, Stockholm and we went there. That was a bit odder for everyone sort of says, oh yes, Swedish people are so friendly, so inviting. We actually found that a lot of them are really quite rude, which was really surprising given that most of the big cities we'd been to, most people were fairly friendly. So it was very clear, again, very nice and the people at the hotels and things that you're working with, nothing was too much trouble. They were very, you know, really gracious hosts. So you didn't really feel that you were paying them to do something. It's just sort of like, oh no, this is what we do for a living and we're happy to make sure you have a good time while you're here. And we met taxi drivers and things like that. Everybody had a little bit of a story and they were sort of, I guess people in sort of your classic service industry, I think maybe they're a bit more used to dealing with tourists. So we found them just incredibly chatty, they'd talk, they'd tell you where to go. We'd say, oh, we want to go see this. They'd go, oh no, no, no, no, you don't want to go that, you want to go here. So we got to see a lot of different places and we got to go to some amazing restaurants that way. Then we went to Denmark and into Copenhagen and that was again, beautiful city, absolutely lovely but very busy, a lot busier than I was expecting. So that was, it was a bit novel, sort of running around. It was a bit different. It was very different to what we were expecting. So it kind of jarred us a little bit. And then we go to, we went to Germany. So my mother's German and we've got family up there. So we went and visited various cousins and uncles and it's almost the relaxed time for all of us because we really don't have to think once we're there. You know, you sort of, they live out in the country, everybody knows everybody. And I think most of the population sort of now recognise us and go, oh yes, it's the Australian relatives. So you can just turn up, leave your bags. You're not having to sort of be checking for your passport every five minutes. They tend to drive us around and look after us. And it's a lovely way. You really are on holiday then. And then where did we go? We went and saw a band while we were there because it was just coming into summer. So they were starting all the little festivals. And then where else did we go? Oh, coming towards the end, so the festivals were ending rather. Then from there we went to Bremen, which is a beautiful old town. And we'd been there before. So we already knew what we were doing. And for one of my aunts, it was her first trip overseas. So there was a level of, we could just sort of go, nope, we just walk across the road, she's the hotel and she's just going, okay, just followed us blindly around. So we had a good time there and we got to see a few things that we hadn't seen the last time that we'd been there. And then we went and visited my aunt. She's a teacher and she teaches at the International Baccalaureate School. And I know I pronounce that appallingly. So I just always apologise. And she was over there and she was just getting her new class. So we went and had a look at her school and just sort of had a look around the town. And my uncle's over there with her. And he was, I think, a little bit excited because it had been a while between visitors. So I think his boredom levels had just started hitting. So the fact that he then got six people to entertain, he was just ecstatic. So he ran around and looked after us. So that was pretty good. And we got to have a, you know, I guess you see when you're touring with people who live there, you see how, what people do day to day. So you see the shops, you see where people get groceries, you see where people eat and you don't see a lot of the tourist stuff. So it was funny when we came back and people said, oh, did you go see this? You go, nah. Did you go see this? No. What about this? I think it was next to the restaurant we went for dinner at. So it feels a bit silly when you come back. And then we ended the trip in Frankfurt. And the first time we went there, one of my aunts gets very panicky about, oh, I'll miss the transfer. I'll miss the transfer. So we thought, right, rather than doing it, we get to Frankfurt, we have a whole day there and then we fly out. The first time we did, we went on a Sunday and everything in Germany shut. It's real family day. So the only places that are really open, it's sort of the tourist district. And it really is, we've herded all the tourists into one spot so that everybody else can get on with their day. But we didn't know where that was. So we sort of got up and went, well, what do we want to do? And my aunt's going, oh, I don't want to go touring. I don't want to go do, what if we miss the plane? What if we miss this? So we said, oh, we'll go to the airport. So our first time at Frankfurt, we just really sat at the airport all day and people watched, which was entertaining. And we got massive shops there. So it wasn't too bad. You sort of walk around for two hours, have a cup of coffee, head off into a different direction, have a cup of coffee. So we saw all the different terminals. We came back this time, went, oh, that's new, better go into that one. This time around, we got there and we'd actually organised ourselves a little bit. We knew where the historical part of town was, or the old town. So we went down there and we went walking down the rivers and got to have a look at the bridges. And so it was a lot more, there was a lot more for us this time around. We saw where all the central business district was and we saw all the banks. But it was really lovely going and having a look at some of, just what the old town looked like. You go to some and there's maybe three or four old buildings that are sort of all falling apart and you just see them going, oh yeah, it's been neglected, but suddenly tourists have come on board, so we better decorate. Whereas in Frankfurt, it was a huge town historically, and it's just sort of the old town stretches for three or four blocks. So it was quite amazing to see, because it's so different to here. Oh wow, it seems like. It was. So we're just now waiting, we're now just waiting for my aunt to get approval for her leave, and then we'll start planning for the next one. So that could get quite angst ridden, because we all want to do sort of, at the moment we're going, yeah, well we both want to go to Munich. And I'm going, well I want to go to Amsterdam and I want to go visit the rallies up north. My aunt's going, well I think I've seen everything up north. And I'm going, no, there's Cologne, there's the islands, Hanover, come on. So I think it'll be entertaining at Christmas when we have to sit down and work out what we're going to do. But then I've gone off on my own one trip, so I just said to mum, I'll just go up there on my own. Yeah, Friday night train, I'm up there, they'll be right. Just getting you back to what you did yesterday. So when you got up, you went for a run. Where did you run? Oh, didn't go for a run in the morning, just got up and just sort of stretched out a bit and just sort of loosened myself up. Not first thing in the morning. So the most I run is on a treadmill, because I really don't like running. It's something I feel like, it's more something I have to do, rather than get any enjoyment out of it. And for breakfast? No, I had porridge and toast. No, doesn't agree with me well. So I can have poached eggs, but yeah, fried eggs and scrambled eggs, there's too much milk or something in it. So it doesn't work well. And you got into work at? 7.30. And then after, yeah, one of the other guys, he got in about nine o'clock and that was when we then headed off out to our inspection. And sorry, you said? No, not North Sydney. We went out to the airport and then I went out to more Western suburbs. Oh, don't go to North Sydney during the week. Traffic's a nightmare. Fair enough. And for lunch? I had a turkey sandwich and a ham sandwich. So yeah, I think I had a steak sandwich, I think I had it on Tuesday, because there was one going up. And it looked delicious, I thought I'll go for that one. And then after work you went? Went to the gym. So I'm actually going shopping tonight. And at the gym? Oh God, I'd love to. I can normally get about 15 and then I fall over. So I did a lot more pull-ups and weight work rather than those. So yeah, push-ups aren't my favourite thing. Okay. And then you joined a class? No, I don't do a class. I work out with a trainer. And then after? No, I caught up with a friend. We just had a gossip at home and general chit-chat. So she finished quite late, so she just wanted to catch up and just wind down after the day. But we might go to the movies another day of the week. So you went to bed about? Went to bed about 10.30, but because it was a little bit late, I didn't read a book that last night. Most nights I'll read a book before I go to bed. And you didn't watch any TV? I watched, yeah, watched a couple of hours. We had it on as background noise for a while there and then I watched Law and Order when she went home. Just sort of wind down before I went to bed. And when you went overseas, you went to Italy? No, we didn't go to Italy. We went through Scandinavia, but Italy's on the list of trips to do. All right, I'm just going to ask a series of questions. You can just... Okay. What is your name? No comment. No comment. What is your date of birth? No comment. No comment. No comment. Do you know Fred? No comment. Where were you last Wednesday? No comment. Are you a driver? No comment. Do you live in Sydney? No comment. What car do you own? No comment. Are you meeting with Mary? No comment. Do you own a dog? No comment. Do you have a dog? No comment. Do you have a dog? No comment. Do you drive your car? No comment. Do you use your phone? No comment. Is Melbourne in Victoria? No comment. Is Brisbane in Victoria? No comment. Canberra in Australia? No comment. No comment. Could you leave your first order wallet number?