 God, that's a big day. Okay, yesterday, Wednesday, got up at 3.40 a.m., had a shower, I then went down and made myself breakfast, which was two poached eggs on toast and a cup of tea, which took me, I then put a load of washing on as well, with my work uniform and that sort of stuff. I then went and jumped on the computer for 10 minutes to check Hotmail. Obviously, I got dressed after the shower, should have mentioned that, don't walk around naked all the time. I then came in, got my bag, my backpack, ready to go to work with my lunch. Got the washing out of the washing machine, put it in the dryer, went up to say goodbye to my wife and woke her up so she could get up to go to work. Got on the motorbike, rode to work, which takes me 45 minutes. Got to work at about 5.25. Second one in, Ted Shea, the coordinator, he was there before me. Made a cup of tea, sat down and checked my emails on the computer, checked the daily COPS events to see if there's any firearm-involved incidents, which there were, which I read. Went down at six o'clock with Ted and Dave Patch and Ros Brown and got a cup of coffee from the cafeteria at the SPC. Came back up, had the cup of coffee while we had a bit of a general discussion for 10 or 15 minutes on what was on for the day. Went out the back to the examination room and took out a job which I had started examining the day before, completed the examination on that, finished the paperwork to do with that examination, started another examination, which involved doing test fires at the SPC. I'm not worried about this information, it's not gonna hurt anyone. Went down with Matt Bolton and did three test fires for my firearm, did three test fires for his. We'd finish that by, I think, about 11.30 was the time we'd finish that. Came back up, completed that examination, had lunch at approximately 12.45, where I sat at the front with four of the other boys for probably 35 minutes. So we're back in by about 1.30, back into work. Finished off the examination I was doing then, started another one, finished at just after three, had a little bit earlier yesterday to pick up my wife on the motorbike. Picked her up at work at City Central Station. We went home, had a shower each. We then got changed, drove the car to, back to City Central, to the parking station near her station, and went to Meatloaf, the concert. Don't go, just a tip. Finished at Meatloaf about 11.30, said goodbye to our friends who we met at Meatloaf from the country. Drove home, got home about 12.30, had a quick cup of tea, into bed by one o'clock, back up again at four. Yesterday I had two bread rolls with chicken fillet sliced up on a T. We actually had Chinese before we went to Meatloaf. We had a mixed banquet in Chinatown. Yep, no, poached eggs. Yeah, I do, yeah. I will scramble them sometimes, but generally I have poached, it's quicker and easier. No, no, I didn't. No, tea. No, no, did the washing. Yep, no, unfortunately I'm not a real good ironer. I let my wife handle that side of things. I do most of the washing. No, actually on the police internet. Oh, before going to work, Hotmar, not Gmar. No, rode my motorbike. Very, very rarely. No, 45 minutes. Traffic was very light, it was good. No, got in at 5.25. Then I checked my, had a cup of tea first. Then I checked my emails at work, my work emails, and checked the computer events involving firearms. Yeah, had a cup of tea while I was doing that, then went down and got coffee from the cafeteria at the SPC. Chai latte, actually. Not actually coffee, yeah, I am a coffee drinker, but I have chai every odd morning sort of thing, just to break it up. Bit later than that, about 12.45, quarter to one, yeah. No, no, three or four of the boys from work. No, no, no, only had about a 35 minute lunch. No, I'm glad I didn't. No, I finished work about three. No, no, I rode my motorbike home. I had to pick my wife up. No, no, then we went into the center of the city, New City Central, and watched Meatloaf. No, we had Chinese for tea. Yep, in Chinatown. Yes, that's right. That finished about 11.30, around about 11.30, yep. No, no, then we drove home. No, no, that took around about an hour. We got home about 12.30. Yep, no, no, we had a cup of tea, then we went to bed, we were in bed by about one. Two bread rolls with chicken filet diced up on them. No, I'd like to have. Yes, I did. I actually cooked it at home and took it to work. Yeah, it was quite nice, yeah. Okay, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.