 Well, I slept in yesterday and I got up about 9.30. After that, I moseyed around the house, did some washing, cooked some breakfast, fed the dog, packed up some stuff to go to storage, cleaned up my room, dusted, back and then went out for a bit, went to the storage shed, picked up some things, dropped off some other stuff and made my way, oh, went via a little bit of shopping on the way home, got a present for a friend and then made my way back to the house, got changed, went to the pub, watched the rugby game, Australia won, woo, and then had a few beers, made my way back home, cooked some dinner and had an early night. Eggs on toast, Cavalier King Charles Spaniel. Oh, do you? That's the other dog that lives at the house. Yeah, because that's where some of my stuff is at the moment. I can't fit it all into the house that I'm at. Yeah, I didn't have any lunch, not even a celebrity shake. Went to Annandale. I was actually gonna go to Newtown, but on my way to Newtown, I saw a shop in Annandale and so I stopped there instead. Oh, that's a surprise. Went to the Southern Cross Hotel in Tempe. South Africa, Springbok. No, Australia won, 11-9. It was a very, very good, well, both of the teams didn't play all that well, but it was very nail-biting game because of how close the score was. And I only won in the last three minutes. I had steak and salad home, about 9.30. 6.30 would be normally a sleep in for me. However, I slept in quite a long time. No, I had eggs, toast, no bacon. None, nope, only a dog. A chinchilla. Is that a cat? I don't know. I'm assuming it must be a cat. No, kind of. Well, I like all animals. However, cats tend, a lot of cats tend to be very, not very nice. I've had one very, very lovely cat, but she was more like a dog. Yeah, just a little bit. My massage bed, yeah. I put in my winter clothes, make some room. I did a spring clean, put the winter stuff away, get the massage bed out and a game, dictionary. No, no, I got it out of, 8.30. It was an early night. I was very happy. I know, I actually woke up at 1.30, like, spring, it's time to get up. I looked at the clock and I'm like, oh, it's only 1.30. I should probably try and get back to sleep. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment. No comment. No comment.