 Okay, I woke up around 7 30 in the morning Sorry, I should backtrack on that at about 5 30 in the morning I got up to the sound of my son's voice crying and got up and changed his nappy and Gave him a bottle of milk and tried to get him to lie down and he wouldn't and I handed him over to my father and my father Took care of him. I went back to bed for a couple of hours and then I got up around 7 30 and did my usual Thing I had had a shower. I had some Vegemite toast and a cup of tea for breakfast and Just got ready for work My wife find me a shirt and went off to work Caught the train at 8 30 8 36. I got the 836 train from Summerhill I changed at Stratford Field and arrived at Parramatta at around Arrived at the office about 9 20 Just dealt with various Inquiries through the day had had lunch at about 1 o'clock. Try and think what I had I had some stuff from the Vietnamese bakery that had a noodle box and a pizza I think I bought a can of coke as well And and then I just rounded out the afternoon doing dealing with some more inquiries and support and I left pretty early I left at about 10 to 5 and got the 5 o'clock train home arrived home about 5 40 We we just hung out at home My wife and my parents and my son and we had dinner around 7 o'clock. We had a curry pie and leftovers leftovers plus puff pastry and that was very nice and We tried putting my boy down. He had a bath that gave him a bath at 8 o'clock gave him a bottle and and a bit of cold and flu medicine because got a bit of a cold and Tried putting down at 8 30. He wouldn't sleep Because he was teething and we ended up I took him for a walk at 8 30 Walked around the park twice came back at about a quarter past 9 and he was fast asleep And I put him to bed and I watched The last bit of a movie that was on SBS. This is called here I am and Then I went to bed at about 10 10 30 No, if I've got a book that I'm reading it at the time, but I'm not reading a book at the moment So no now 5 30. I was my father that took I was probably about 15 minutes Yeah, he slept on my father's lap some veggie white toast I don't think I've ever had it before in my life. No, don't think so. Um, I do know I had tea I have tea at home. No, I took the train Strathfield. Yep. I wouldn't have a clue might do no No, not that I recall. That's right. No, that's not right. I was I was definitely there at 920. Yep Both by the the time that I logged in To the systems and suppose when I swiped the card to enter the building as well There'd be a record of that. No, I'd say there's a an error in the time So I was definitely there at 920. I think it was 130 that I had lunch. Yeah. No, I don't I don't remember saying one I remember saying 130. No, I got that at had a pizza and a noodle box at the Vietnamese bakery Yep like not not pizzas per se but sort of like you get a cheese roll or a ham and cheese roll and they just chuck a Couple of things extra things on it's a bit like a pizza round. Yeah, it's basically around big around bread roll Um, not really They they make those Vietnamese rolls when your pork rolls with bits of salad and things and they also have some ready-made Things like spring rolls and lunch boxes which have noodles and salad and spring rolls and things in them No, not every day. Sometimes I bring lunch from home Um, no, it's ten to five. I don't drive home. I always take the train. No, no Yeah, I don't like traffic. No, my parents were at my place. No, no They just stayed sometimes during the week to help mine my son 7 p.m. Around 7. Yeah, it was a vegetable curry pie. Oh puff pastry was part of the pie That's the lid of the pie. Mmm. No, we took him. I took him for a walk. I pushed him in his stroller Yeah, no, no Carry him up two flights of stairs and then go in the front door and then put him in bed But he's usually down and out by by the time we've done a couple of lab while we keep it downstairs Yeah, no, no Yeah, yes on SBS here I am it was about a aboriginal woman who who had been a drug addict and Spent some time in prison and she'd gotten out and was trying to clean up her life and her mother had taken custody of her Daughter and wouldn't allow her to see her anymore. It's just about her trying to sort her life out She had a one one Supervised visit of her daughter in which her daughter had a who's allergic to peanuts had an anaphylactic Shock and ended up in hospital. So it didn't go down very well for her and then she Sort of went back on the on the drugs or rock for a night and regressed a bit It was a it was a movie but it was very real very authentic was about 1030 I haven't been reading a book. Yep. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment No comment, no comment, no comment. No common. No comment. No common. No common. No common comment no comment no comment no comment no comment