 Okay, I got up and I decided to walk the dog. So I got up, had some breakfast, which was some oats and a grapefruit and an apple. And then I got the dog lead from the backyard and walked my dog around the streets and around the park on the lake. And I also made sure that when I was walking him that he had the lead on the whole time. And that because there was little kids playing around and I wanted him to stay on the lead. After taking him for a walk around the lake, I then took him for a walk up a big hill and into a national park that we have around our house. And then the dog got off the lead and went walkabout. So I had to chase after him for a while. And after finding him again, digging a hole and trying to eat something that looked rather rotten, I then got him back on the lead and we walked back home. After that, I then got raped into some more yard work and I then dug a couple of holes, planned a couple of trees. And then I took my wife and my child then down to McDonald's where I had a cup of coffee, read the paper and he played on the playground. And then after that, I then... What did I do then? And then I went shopping. Then after all, during the shops, I had to look for a present for my sister and my wife helped me and I eventually found a brooch for my sister and managed to put it on lay-by for a bit because her birthday's coming up. And after that, I went shopping, had some lunch. After lunch, went back home, helped cook some dinner. And then from that, I just got ready and went to bed. And then, yeah, that was it. I went to bed about... Would have been about probably a quarter past nine. And I had for dinner, I should add, we just had a barbecue. So I just had some chopped sausages and just made a nice salad and I had some roasted potatoes, which was all right. And then, yeah, I went to bed about quarter past nine, I think it was. I had for lunch, I think I went to the coffee club and just had a turkey club sandwich and a coffee, which is like a three-tiered monstrosity. And it had turkey breast, chicken breast. I paid extra and had some bacon on it, nice healthy stuff with melted cheese and lettuce, tomato, carrot, and pretty much everything I could have on it, I had on it. So it was, as I said, this monstrosity of a sandwich that was like a skyscraper. It was very good. So I would have had lunch maybe about 1.30. It was a bit of a late lunch for me. I usually like to get in and have lunch pretty early with my hollow legs. But no, it was about 1.30, it was. I got home, I probably would have got home around about, I reckon, 3.30, 3.34. And then, as I said, I pretty much had to do some stuff around the house and then probably put the barbecue on for dinner, probably about, I would have been an early one, say 5.30, something like that. Yesterday morning, I would have been up at, I think I slept in a little bit, so I probably was up at about quarter past seven, because my son, who's a toddler, who likes to rise nice and early, decided to sleep in a bit and I didn't have to get up until about quarter past seven, which makes a nice change from six o'clock. So I would have taken my dog out for a walk, probably around about, before it was too hot, so it would have probably been around about eight o'clock in the morning. And actually, no, probably even, yeah, about eight o'clock it would have been. Probably walk for a good 40 minutes. Yeah, would have been about a good 40 minutes. Something like that, yeah, 20 to nine, something like that, maybe. Yeah, 20 to nine, nine o'clock. Something like that, yeah. No, I probably would have had a, might have had just a glass of water, probably watched a bit of telly, I think I watched an update on the news, and I probably checked my emails, and then I probably went for a walk around the yard, and I would have put some sunscreen on and a hat. So it was probably about 9.30, I think, that I would have gone in the yard. I went out to McDonald's, probably about, that might have been about, maybe at 11.30, 12 o'clock, something like that. Because we only went down to the shops before when I had lunch about 1.30, we only went down to the shops, probably only there about 40 minutes before the hunger got the better of me and I decided to have lunch. So, yeah, would have been probably about 11, 11.30 that I went to McDonald's. So, yep, yep, went shopping, yep, and then bought a brooch for my sister whose birthday's coming up, put it on lay-by, and then had a bit more of a pot around, had a look in a puzzle and gaming shop to try and find a jigsaw puzzle for my young fellow. But then seeing him with his little hands going everywhere, I thought, well, the jigsaw puzzle's not really going to be used at the moment. So I decided that, yeah, and we just went for a walk then until we got to the coffee club and had lunch. And yeah, as I said, I had that turkey chicken sub, and my wife just had one of their Caesar salads, and I had another cup of coffee, and got my little boy a little baby tuna, and he had quite a good time with that, putting it all over his nose and his face. And then from that, we, yeah, just went for a bit more of a walk around the shop. And then, as I said, we got back in the car and I came home, and yeah, just pretty much potted round, as I say, and then cooked a barbecue before having a shower and tidying up with my wife and going to bed. No, with this one, we actually didn't have to pay because we were under three hours. We did park, yes, we did park in the paid area, but because we were under three hours, we didn't have to pay. But it's a big car park, and obviously the only spot we could get a car park really would surprise me because it was still a weekday and not a weekend, was in the outside car park, not underground or not in one of the concrete tiered areas. So we just had to drive around there for about 15 minutes, maybe a little bit less, until we found a car park. And yeah, as I said, I think everyone must have had the same idea as we had because of the air conditioning and how hot it was. So yeah, but anything under three hours, you don't have to pay anything over three hours and they start to slug you. So, and we were in the red level, which is the ground level, and it goes up to, I think, an orange and a blue and a green level, and they're multi-tiered concrete car parks, and most of those, except for the top level, are under cover. I took my wife's car, which is a little gold Pulsar, and we've obviously got a little baby capsule in that for my son. And yeah, it's just a little four cylinder car that we went to the shopping center in. Oh, I was. I have my wife's name. Oh yes, that's correct. Yeah. It would have been the shopping center, as I say, probably at about lunchtime. So, and then because we had maybe 1230, because as I said, we were only there for about 40 minutes before we decided to have lunch, and we had lunch at about 130. So maybe it was a bit after 1230 then. Yep. Yep. Okay. Yep. I would say that I wouldn't know anything about that. What's this sort of incident involve? I did see a man running around with floaties on naked, and I told him to drop it, and he ran back into the shopping center. But other than that, though, I thought that it might have been someone that had escaped from the, or had too much sun. So, but other than that, though, I don't know of any incident. Yeah. No, no, I didn't. I'd left, he disappeared from my view well before, yeah, as I said, I saw him go inside, and then I realized that the shopping center would have security, and I had my son and my wife to think about, and it was a hot day, and he took off very quickly, and I didn't even get a good look at him. And I just saw his top half exposed, yelling, waving his arms around. He had, as I say, floaties on, and then he's run inside, and then I lost sight of him. And because it was so hot, too, I wasn't going to leave my wife and son, so I jumped back in the car and left. Now, this is when we were leaving. Oh, okay. Just trying to think. I'm not aware of any incident when we arrived. Have you got any information on what incident that may have been? Oh, okay. No, I don't know. I don't know of any other accident. I did hear a crunch, and I did see a car appear to back into another car, and its registration was ABC123, and I left my details with a piece of paper with that registration. There was only a small minus scrape mark to the offside rear bumper of a little red laser, and I left a little scrap of paper with a note and number written and put it underneath with my name and phone number, and I left it under the windscreen wiper of that little red laser for them to contact me should they make a report to the police for a fail to stop accident. So, yes, yes, yep. Well, I can only state that maybe they thought that because I'd got out of the... I'd arrived, I was out of the car, and I walked, and they saw me have a look at the car. So that would obviously naturally arouse their suspicions, but then, as I said, I returned back to my car, grabbed a little piece of paper, and wrote down my name and phone number and put it under the windscreen wiper. So whether they thought that I was involved because I was checking the car out that I'd seen had been hit or thought that I'd been hit, and then the damage was evident on it. So whether they thought that, but no. My car would be... It's a 2003 model, so it's roughly, just say, eight years old. It's got some minor scrapes and stuff, but nothing that hasn't been detailed. It hasn't been detailed already. Actually, to be quite honest, it's been re-sprayed not that long ago at the panel beaters, and we've still got the paperwork from that, which is well in advance of when this accident happened, and I can certainly produce that if required. And there, there should be no damage on there, and certainly nothing evident that would have indicated a collision with the car that I saw, where there was obviously a dinted panel and scrape marks. Certainly nothing of that magnitude on my car, because you'd clearly see some damage to the car. So not that I'd seen on my car. When I do check my car, I am aware of it, and I do have a look at it, and so has my wife. So I would have noticed if there was that damage, certainly with the damage that I saw to the other car. Yes. Yes, it is. It's not broken. It's not broken. And I was using, as I say, I used both my indicators, and when you say that it's damaged, both my indicators are intact. There's no paint marks, and there's certainly no wires or anything that indicates that they're not working. And certainly nothing that had been pushed in there certainly don't appear damaged to me. Yes. Yes, it is. Okay. So just like I said, I see it on the other happenings is that my house is in my wife's possession, because I brought my other car in to work today. Yes. Okay. Yes. No worries, I'm sure that... yes, that would be fine. Yes. Okay. Yes. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. comment.