 Okay, I got up at around, sorry the alarm went off around 4.30. I probably got up about 5 past 5. Drove into work. I had some raisin toast and coffee and then I hit the paperwork and I did some paperwork for a few hours and then a job came in at Sylvania but I had to get some instructions on how to use some of the gear before I went. So one of the senior people gave me a refresher course on how to use the poly flare lights. Then I drove down to Sylvania and it was an extensive job so I was there for quite a while and then before I left the manager of the hotel gave me a bag of biscuits so I considered bringing them back. Then I ate them, all of them. I drove back to headquarters, downloaded the photos and did the paperwork associated with that job. Then what did I do? Then I drove home and I planted four lily pillies in the backyard to try to block out our neighbor. Then I did fish, oven fish, oven fish cakes and a salad for the kids and I just flicked through TV, not really committing to any show. Did a bit of housework and then went to bed. Unpacked the dishwasher, gave it a good clean out, repacked it. There was already clothes in the washing machine, I put those on a drying stand and filled up and restarted the washing machine. Odd, odds and ends. Tidy up the lounge room, get rid of the catalogs, a little bit of a tidy up in the kitchen. Probably around 10. No, I just flicked around. I ate the same. If my wife came home earlier I would have had something nicer but not today. I don't think I had lunch. I think after those biscuits I was pretty right. Plus I drank about a million coffees at work. Three chocolate biscuits, like chocolate coated mint biscuits, maybe four chocolate chip biscuits. Yep, yep. I think there might be a limit on that with uh little trivial type things. So I had no drama. I feel at ease for not uh declaring those gifts. I was not quite 10. Three and four. Three and four? About seven? Yeah it was about seven. I did think to bring him back to the work mate. So then it was a long drive and one by one I ate the whole lot. No hang on. Your alarm goes off at 4 30 and then I hit snooze, snooze, snooze and then come a bit after five. It's either get off or don't go to work. So I got up at about five past four. Five past five. Yeah. I can't remember to be honest which car I took yesterday. No I think I had the wife's car. No. Yes. Two. They are. But one's kind of designated the family car and one's mine. Child seats can go between either car. The family car has a DVD. It's a nicer car um and it's the one my wife prefers to drive. It's higher off the ground. It's like a it's a CRV so it's uh easy to get the kids in and out. You don't have to bend down. Whereas I've got a crap old Commodore. Yeah. When you get up in the morning I don't mean to be rude but if the car seats are in one car rather than the other and I don't feel like quickly changing the car seats over sometimes you get stuck with the crap car. Um probably got in here just before six. Six. Raisin toast. They only it's a social club and they uh there's raisin toast on the weekends. Oh no I don't. I assume it's like raisin toast. Oh all right. No we don't they don't provide that. Yep. Yep. There's no paper. No there's no paper in there. Oh not straight away. I mean there was uh paperwork to do and then there was the um like the tutorial and whatnot on using the polyflare. Um then I went out to the job. Uh about two hours. Yeah not quite ten but yeah I ate them all. Yep. Yep. The wrapper from the biscuits I eventually used to put in the uh baby wipes that I cleaned off the stuff on my face. Um and I think this morning when I got dressed um I pulled it out of the that bag of baby wipes like that bag from the biscuits full of baby wipes out of that pocket and put it in my bin at home. Made its way into my pocket. Yep. Yep. From where? From home from work. For yep. Yep. About half an hour. Lillipillies. Um it's a very fast growing thing. I've got a mate who used to be a landscape gardener and they're currently about a meter tall but it's a fast growing um strain of lillipilly. Lillipilly? Nah it's a tree. Yep. Not not remotely because jonquils and daffodils are bulbs and this is a shrub. Yep. Um it's actual fish. It's oven fish. It's like um so fish fingers are like processed like minced up and then reconstituted into sticks. This is like a fillet of fish that's already battered. You just stick it in the oven. It's like 18 minutes and it's done. Um and these cheap Thai fish cakes again you just stick them in the oven. Yeah. Nah. They're Thai. Oh that was the last thing I did at night. No ironing. I don't do any ironing. Uh about 10. Yep. Yeah. Now let me see if I even go past any red light cameras. Yes I go past one. Nah I wouldn't have gone through a red light. I don't go through red lights. Yep. Yep. That's plenty of time. So yeah I do. Yep. I would say that that camera is faulty because I'm pretty sure I didn't go through a red light. I don't go through red lights. Um where that red light camera is it's on a straight stretch of road um so I don't even stained to work. Yep. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No No comment.