 Well, yesterday actually, for the first time this year, I actually slipped in past my alarm. I always wake up before the alarm and obviously the change to daylight savings has affected me but I normally get up about quarter past five and I got up at quarter to six so I raced around a bit but then got to work at about quarter to seven. Then I spoke to one of the senior sergeants there for a while and then I had to prepare some items for a command meeting. So I started making a few phone calls to make sure I had that information from relevant people and made some notes and we had a command meeting from 9am till midday and we then had a meeting with another external group straight after that so we were basically in the meeting room until about from 9 till 2.30. After that I basically came back up in the office and packed up about, I responded to some emails etc and left about 4.30 to go home. Once I got home I did some shopping over the weekend at Flower Power and I bought some truck manure and some flowers and continued digging up the gardens and flowers in and hoping it was going to rain the next couple of days as it was supposed to and also put some seeds in as well. I put some corn and some radish seeds in and some beans. I love my fresh veggies, especially when I grow them myself. Then I basically had dinner and I took a phone call from my son who loves to talk and we spoke for about an hour and then watched a bit of television and had a shower about 9.30 and went to bed about 10 o'clock. I had two and a half wheat bix with light milk. No. Yesterday morning, no. I drive, no I'm able to park here. No, no about a quarter to seven. No, no I just had to have it at hand in case it came up at the meeting because there were some action items which I had to address and which I thought may be relevant and the information may be relevant so I actually rang a few relevant people to give me that information. I had that information at hand. A lunch was provided. Yes, so they had some delicious sausage rolls, low calorie ones and some, yes, didn't you know that? Yes, well I convinced myself they are. And sandwiches and wraps. I'm not keen on wraps. I'm a sandwich person. Yes, responded to a few emails and returned a couple of phone calls. I actually had to speak to the personnel coordinator because I had an inquiry from one staff member which I promised I would follow up for her and I followed up on that as well and phoned her back and let her know that it's in hand. No, no about 4.30 and drove home. No, no trains where I come from. Yes, yes. I got a chook manure and I basically spread it, I dug the gardens over the weekend so I got this chook manure and I spread it and mixed it through the soil and planted some flowers and some seeds. Petunias, pink, all pink, under orders, all pink. Yes, not me. No, there was corn and radish and beans. Corn certainly is and I like radish in a salad and I'm actually growing cherry tomatoes and it goes well with them and planted some dwarf beans as well. Yes, so hopefully they'll grow. Yes, not into giant beans, those big bean stalks, I'm trying to stay away from them. I had eye fillet steak and broccoli and cauliflower and asparagus. No, I've been put on a weight loss diet. Sorry, well I haven't but my wife has suggested that I should be. So she prepares the meals, prepared my salad for me today. Well, I had lunch for other reasons with people. No, no, my son phoned me. We had a few issues to discuss and he loves to chat. We spoke for about an hour on the phone. Oh, we're actually, I guess the reason why it took so long was because we were looking at things on the internet which we were discussing so we're both doing comparisons while we're talking on the phone. No, no, I flicked on TV for a while and I can't actually. I think I watched, it was a wildlife show on Foxtel. I watched a bit of orca whales trying to, eating elephant seals and teaching the young how to actually catch them. They come up to the beach at high tide and grab them and drag them back into the water. Yesterday lunch was provided, some low calorie sausage rolls and a couple of sandwiches. That was about, about 10-ish, bit after 10. They're coming. All good?