 I got up in the morning around about 6.30, had a shower, made my breakfast, got ready to go to work, put my bags in the car, after I walked outside, hopped in the car, drove to work and spent the day at work doing lots of different things. A bit hard to say anything about the detail of what I did do there, or so in some ways. And then around about 5 o'clock, a bit after 5 o'clock, I went out in the car, drove home. Then after a little bit of playing around on the computer, checking emails, I had dinner, watched some TV, went to bed. In the interim of course I had a few discussions with my wife, said hello, goodbye, all this. For breakfast a pretty simple one, just toast and tea, lunch, sandwiches, some fruit at work. It was cheese, avocado and promite, which is sort of a better version of Vegemite. I had a, a bit hard to describe what it is, had rice, some chowd vegetables which consisted of bean shoots and some green vegetable. Then we had a dish that was sort of an Asian dish. It was, it had pineapple, eggplant and chicken in it with a bit of Assam sort of flavouring. I watched a pre-recorded program called The Mentalist, to catch up because I'd missed it out, missed it last week. And watched the news, I watched a little thing on the ABC called The Minuscule, which is quite a little short program that I like to watch those cartoony type things. And that's about it. Later on that night I watched, what was it, CSI LA. I went to bed, exactly 10.30, looked at the clock on the way in. No, don't read in bed, read before if I do read. Maybe a little bit later, no about 5.30, yeah. Shower, no. We won't say no, I might have an occasional one when I'm in a hotel or something like that. But I don't bath these days, I had enough baths when I was young. In the country we always bathed no showers, not enough water. No, I had toast yesterday. On the toast I had, on one piece of toast I had promite, on the other piece of toast I had a blueberry and cranberry jam. Tea, yeah I do probably drink more, well I probably drink more coffee than I have tea, but I tend to have coffee at work and tea at home. And I have coffee out at the shops or so if I go to somewhere like that, at the shopping centres and that I always have coffee there. Didn't have a bus, drove occasionally. I drive if I'm going to work because it's much more convenient, but I catch a bus if I'm going into the city. Catch a train sometimes too. No, no hamburger. I had a sandwich. The sandwich had avocado, promite and cheese, not Vegemite, no, yeah I do. No, I didn't, no. I had some fruit, mandarins actually and a banana. No I left work about 5.15 so I probably got home around about quarter to six. No, drove home, I did yes. No, only for a little while. No I didn't, my wife did. No, I didn't. No, no, no pasta. I do actually, I like it every now and then. I like noodles which is the oriental pasta as well. No, not last night, no. I had an Asian meal, had some rice. I had some chowd vegetables that consisted of bean shoots and other green vegetables. The dish that went with it was an Asian style dish that consisted of pineapple, chicken, eggplant and an Assam flavoured sauce. No, it wasn't the bones, it was the mentholist. When it's on, once a week. No I watched the news before, yeah. Ah yes, actually I did. No, it was on the ABC, called the Miniscule. No, I watched CSILA. Oh, I have in the past but not recently. No I didn't read, I just went to bed. No, at 10.30, looked at the clock as I was getting into bed. I had toast, promite and a cup of tea, not at breakfast, no. I had things on the toast, yes. I had a cranberry and blueberry or blueberry and cranberry, a jam. No comment to everything. No comment.