 Yesterday was just another day at the office really, not too much exciting to report. I don't think I even had a meeting yesterday. But the most memorable thing was that we still had a few nice nibblies left over from the Melbourne Cup afternoon tea and I was very impressed with one of the cheeses. Oh let me see, I think I got up reasonably early, a little bit before seven. Yes, I think I had wheat bix and I made tea and I actually had a top-up and had two cups of tea. Would have been just after 8.30 I drove. Would have been a bit after quarter past nine, something like that. Yeah, let me see, usual time about 12.30, about half now. Oh what did I have? I think I had a soup, that's right, yes I had a soup. I think it might have been pea and ham. Came in a can. Now we've got a microwave. Yep, yeah about that. Let me see, about a quarter past five, something like that. Yep, yes, well my daughter had her dance lesson so I had to get her to dance and pick her up again after about 3km. Seven o'clock, so she was just on time. Three quarters of an hour, probably, yeah about eight. I did. Spics and specs, yeah. What did I have for dinner? Oh it was a pie, that's right. Homemade beef pie, yep. No, no. Green veggies, yeah. Last weekend, fairly boring weekend I think, if I remember rightly. Mostly a bit of washing because I'm doing a few more domestics at the moment because my wife's just come out of hospital. So I remember doing the washing and a bit of tidying around the house and then the day seemed to disappear. I flew to Wollongong. Well on Sunday we went out and did a shop, general grocery shop. No, it was at Aldi and Franklin's. I'm sure I did but I can't remember probably two hours, maybe a bit longer. No, my kids as well, four. No, would have been seven, a bit earlier, yeah. Well I didn't have Corn Flakes and I generally don't drink coffee before 10am. No, no. Yeah, had Wheat Bix, something like that. Three. No, a bit earlier than that. 8.30ish, oh about 9.15. That seems improbable considering I just got out of bed then. I'm aware that there's lots of them. Really? I think you need to check the timing on your cameras. At that time, at 7 o'clock in the morning. Oh it was probably, I don't know, could have been an imaginary me. Yeah, we only have a first floor. So I think something's got mixed up there somewhere. Possibly. At 7am. Well, I think I've told you my version of the story. Usually a bit earlier than one. No, no. It was soup actually but it was pea and ham. Yeah, that's correct. No, I don't catch the bus. Never. No. Soccer season's over, you should know that. I'm quite sure. Took my daughter to dance lesson. Now earlier. It was. Yes. Let me see. No, I had dinner earlier. I had dinner while she was at dance because I had to go backwards and forwards, that's right. No, she had tea after. I can't remember, I don't think so. It would seem very unusual. Well, I have been known to start work at 7am but only if there's a special reason. No special reason yesterday. Hmm, sure. No comment, no comment, no comment.