 I got up around 7.30, went for a walk, then wrote some Christmas cards, spent some time with my brother before he went to work, then I went down into town, did some shopping, got a haircut, spent some time with my mum, my sister and my other brother and then in the afternoon I flew back to here and went and picked up my dog, came home, had to unpack everything, get all the washing together, get on the computer, do all my emails and then drag myself into bed. Bed is about 10. Up north, it was running a little bit late actually, I think we got in at around half past six. I did. Seven o'clock. 45 minutes? No. Yes, I was staying with my brother, one of my brothers. Probably would have been about 11 o'clock to town. No, got a lift. Till 1.15. Too long because the hairdresser that was meant to do it went off sick so then they were kind of trying to squeeze me in between other people and it was annoying so I was there for a few hours. I thought that exactly when they took it off, I was a little bit like, that's a little bit lighter than normally I go. I hadn't been to this hairdresser before and I don't really like what they've done with it but like they say, the difference between a good haircut and a bad haircut is only two weeks. Yeah, exactly how much has come off. I've looked at one that's up the top there and it's on thinking like quite really blonde. Yep, one brother, one sister. Did. I had a low-fat chicken and avocado salad. It was nice. It had some pumpkin in it too. Pumpkin, avocado, rocket chicken and some kind of dressing on it that was quite nice. I think it had some balsamic and something else in it. I know, I know. I was a bit surprised and there was grilled capsicum, red capsicum. Yeah, it was quite nice actually. No, no, they came down to see me and then they were going home again so I went from the shopping place to there. No, I got a taxi. I was going to catch a bus but the buses would have got me there too late. Yeah, no, no. I went home and then I got my car and then I went and picked my dog up. No, because it was rainy so but we ran around the house crazy for a little bit and he was all excited by that so yeah. He's like crying to me. I'm like, oh tell me all about it mate, come on. Oh, 10. I did. I'm reading The Wolf. It's a James Patterson book. Yeah, it's one of the Alex Cross, yeah, one of those books. It's actually not bad. Yeah, I know. Yeah, I was a bit like and it took me a little bit to get into it but now that I'm into it, I just want to finish it. No, it's not a bad book. Was the white taxis? Yeah, not long. No, not yet. With cash? No. $22. Did they? I'd say he didn't drop me out my address. Right, I'd say that I did pay with cash. A $20 note and a $2 coin. No. Asian man? Older Asian man though because he actually had grey hair. Greying hair? Yep. From one of the other suburbs near Sydney? Yes, yes. He's a, he's 10 kilos. No, no. For his safety in case we have an accident? I think it is as well. I did. I had noodle, noodles. No, I bought noodles. Bar Asia? Yep. But I never get the taxi to drop me at my actual address. I always get them to drop me a little bit away so that then I'd walk to my address. I carry it. Well, I had enough that I could carry it but I couldn't carry it all the way from the airport. Yep. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment. No comment. No comment.