 Okay, yesterday morning I got up and had a shower and got ready for work, put makeup on, did all that sort of stuff, did my hair, got my son out of bed and dressed him, got him to brush his teeth, then grabbed our lunch out of the fridge and put it in our bags. And we got in the car and drove to work, I dropped him at school and then I drove and parked down the road and then I walked to work, which is quite a way, and then started work yesterday and just worked on spreadsheets all day. And then after work I went and looked at a house to rent and I looked at a number of units with another girl and actually went back to the office and signed up for a house. And then once I finished that I went home and saw the girl I'm house sitting for and spoke to her for a while that I got my house and unpacked and got ready, had dinner and brushed our teeth and went to bed. So what time did you get up this morning? Yesterday morning I would have got up 6 o'clock in the morning. I had breakfast when I get to work and I had two wheat pigs. And what time did you get up? 7.30. I drove and parked in the free parking area and then I walked. So what time did you get up? 7.30 I started, yeah. And then what time did you get up? Probably had lunch about, I think I had it at 11.30 yesterday. Ham sandwich with salad. And what time did you get up? 4 o'clock. And you went out? Yes. And how many houses? It was in the same complex, I looked at three units. So what time did you come? I got back, actually I got back at quarter past seven at night. And what time did you get up? As soon as we walked in the door, so about twenty past seven I already had something there. And what did you have for breakfast? We actually had leftover stir fry. So what did you do on Sunday? Sunday, I was actually in Canberra, I was on a trip, a three day weekend in Canberra. And we sort of had a late morning because we had a drink the night before, but we had a big breakfast at a cafe. And then it was just sort of driving home, we had a four hour car trip actually on the way home because of traffic. And sort of just went back and did washing and got ready for work for the next day. So whose vehicle? Mine, my car. And what time did you get up? I think probably about three thirty or four o'clock. Yesterday you were seen coming into the building at about nine o'clock and you've stated that you started work at seven thirty, so what is... I was trying to get my hours up, so I think I must have lied about what time I started. So what time did you start, seven thirty or nine? Must have been nine. So you've actually signed on for seven thirty though for yesterday? Yes. And do you know that you are going against work policy, falsifying official documents? Oh I had a good reason though, I was... yeah. What's the reason? I was running late, my son, trying to get my son to school and he was upset that day and yeah. So you've actually signed on for seven thirty but you actually didn't arrive until nine? Yeah, but I've worked other hours on other days to make up for it. Okay, did you contact your supervisor that you were going to be late? No. Do you know that that's the... Oh I wasn't aware of that, no. How many years experience do you have with the company? Fourteen. Okay, and you weren't aware that your contact supervisor had told you that you were going to be late? Oh, it might have changed recently, I'm not sure. No, well the policy hasn't at all, it's been the policy for many years. On Sunday, when you were driving back from Canberra, were you involved in any incidents? No. We've received information that a vehicle registered in your name was involved in an incident near Campbelltown, near Rabi Road, near Campbelltown. I don't think so, not my car. And about, well this incident occurred at two o'clock, mid-thirty, and the information is that a person fitting your description was driving the vehicle, do you say about that? Oh, I would have probably driven through there, but I don't think that wasn't, no, that's not me. I wasn't involved in anything. How long have you owned your vehicle? Three years. Have you ever been involved in any other accidents? No. Is there any damage to your vehicle? No. When was the last time you inspected your vehicle for damage? Oh, I haven't really inspected it, but I sort of know what it looks like. Is there any damage to your vehicle? I don't think so. Not even... I'm not sure, no. So you don't know if there is any damage? Oh, I wouldn't, no, I'm pretty sure there's not, but I haven't inspected it, yeah. So, when was the last time you inspected it? This morning when I parked it. Okay, did you happen to look at the front of the vehicle? No. Okay, so you're not aware if there's any damage to the vehicle? No. So yesterday when you drove the vehicle home, after looking at your house, at 7.15 it was still light? Yes, yep. Okay, so you wouldn't have had the headlights on? No. So you're not aware if one of the headlights is not working? No. So the information we've received is that that vehicle was involved in a hit and run near Rabby Road at Campbelltown at about 2.30 on Sunday, and that vehicle, the details that were reported to us, the vehicle was registered in your name, and that the person driving the vehicle met description. So, can you remember if anything happened? No, nothing, no, nothing happened, no. When you were changing lanes, there was a lot of traffic, you said that there was already a lot of traffic, four hours? Yeah, there was a lot of traffic, yeah, it was quite tiring, that trip, yeah. No, I don't think so, no, probably someone saw me and tried to blame me for it, I don't know. Okay, where's your vehicle at the moment? I might have hit an animal or something, but no, it's out on Alfred Street. You might have hit an animal? I might have, yeah. Do you think that that would have caused any damage to the vehicle? Oh, I might have, but I didn't think too much of it at the time. What kind of animal? I'm not sure, it was just darted out the side, and I just felt a bump and that was it, I didn't really think too much of it. Are you sure that it was an animal? I'm not sure, like I said, it was a blur, it went really fast, it couldn't have been anything else, I don't think. It couldn't have been a cyclist on a... Oh, that would be much bigger than what I thought it would have been, but I didn't see anyone. Okay, you didn't see a cyclist wearing a red shirt? No, no. Okay, we're going to have to examine your vehicle, we're going to impound your vehicle for forensic examination, you'll need to go and get the vehicle now. Oh, but I've got to go pick my kid up after school. Look, it won't take long, we'll just go and get the vehicle and we'll get you ready by the time you need to... Okay, alright. Okay, I'm going to ask you a few questions, just need to say no comic. Alright. Okay, what is your name? No comic. What is your address? No comic. What is your date of birth? No comic. What is your favourite colour? No comic. Today's Saturday? No comic. Do you know Fred Apples? No comic. Where were you last Wednesday? No comic. Do you have a driver's licence? No comic. Do you live in Sydney? No comic. What type of car do you own? No comic. Are you meeting with Mary Phillips today? No comic. Do you own a dog? No comic. Is it raining? No comic. Why Oreo? No comic. Do you work for Marvin Gatt? No comic. Who genn quisertin? No comic. Have they paid you upbringing? No comic. How many letters from Matthew Smith? No comic. How many keys do you have on your keayring? No comic. What is your email address? No comic. Who is your favourite author? No comic. Can you speak French? No comic. Is the grass green? No comic. Where did you have lunch? No comic. What did you have for breakfast? No comic. Did you drive your car to work today? No comic. Is Sydney a new city here? No comic.