 I got up, I had breakfast which consisted of a ruby grapefruit which I cut up with a knife. I ate that, then I put on some toast which I had some Vegemite on it. After that I got my two year old up, he watched television. I then went outside and fed animals because we have lots of animals because I live on a big block. After doing that I did some gardening and from the gardening I checked on some trees that I've recently planted, watered those. And then I went down and drove down to the shops. I had lunch at the shops with my wife and caught up with my father. After that I went to the playground with my child and he played for a while. After about half an hour, 40 minutes of that we went home, he went down for an afternoon nap and then from there I just tinkered around in the garage for a little while before having dinner which was a barbecue. And then from that I had a shower and then went to bed about 8.30. I would have got up at 7.30, I had a sleep in that day. I had a, what did I have, a chicken and bacon sub from one of the cafes at the shopping centre. No, we just ran and there's a basketball court there and he's just got a little inflatable ball and we ran round and just used that. Yes, yeah, I have a few, yeah. I don't have heaps but I've got a cupboard at the moment. We've just, the garage has been reverted to a storage area at the moment and we're just trying to fix it back up. So doing some things, ripping carpet out and things like that. It was made from a rumpus room when it should have just been kept as a garage. And then they've made it into a rumpus room and we're trying to make it back into a garage again because it's not waterproof properly. So yeah, it gets a little bit of, especially with the heavy rains that we've had around where I live, there's sometimes some water leaking and obviously you're getting smelly carpet now because it's an older house so I'm ripping the carpet up, moving stuff around, things like that. I had a bacon and chicken sub. Oh no, sorry, that was for lunch. For dinner I had a barbecue. Yep, sausages, lamb chops, cherry tomatoes on the barbecue and some chopped onions with a salad. No, because my young bloke decided that he would commandeer the telly. So besides ABC for kids, that's about all I watch, the night garden and things like that. Okay, my last holiday was very uneventful, fairly boring. It was at home and that was just once again moving stuff around the house because we've just moved there. It was just moving things around, doing a lot of gardening. There was a lot of yard work to be done. Digging out, we've got drains in our yard, digging out the drains because we're on the bottom of a hill where a lot of water flows. So it's digging the drains out and trying to waterproof the yard as much as we can. So it was very non-eventful. There wasn't much happening there. We have, it's a bit of an animal menagerie at the moment. We have six ducks. We have two dogs. One's an Irish wolfhound crossed with something else, I don't know. So she's a fairly large dog. We have a little Jack Russell, which is a little dog. And then we have a chicken coop with six chickens and we also have a cat. We have quite a few animals. No, it used to, but it got that out of its system pretty quickly. So it didn't kill any, which I was glad about. And obviously we would have yelled at the cat. And so after it grabbed a couple of tail feathers, it stopped that. And the ducks are a bit too big for it. I think it's still trying to work them out. But yeah, no, the cat's pretty well behaved actually. Unfortunately, it just attacks the pigeons. So it's, yeah, it's a few pigeons and eats them. So, but we feed it enough, but obviously it's just in its nature. So I'm always left to clean them up. So yeah. No, oh, only to play. The dogs and the cat get on pretty well because they've grown up together. So actually the cat, to be quite honest, acts more like what I would expect a dog to act like. So it's fairly affectionate for a cat. So yeah, no, it's good. And it gets on with the dogs and they run. The little dog chases the cat. The big dogs doesn't really, it doesn't, it interacts with the cat, but doesn't chase it around. So yeah, that's all right. Yep. I had, yeah, a ruby grapefruit. So the dark fleshed, it's a citrus fruit. It's part of the citrus family. It's obviously just like, it's like a big orange, but it's obviously very tart. It's almost, well, you know how sour a grapefruit is. It's almost like a blood orange, I suppose you could say, but it's obviously more tart than a blood orange. Fairly sour fruit. Yeah. Yeah. They're unreal. I never thought I would, but my wife got me onto them and they're actually really good, really good for the digestive system and stuff. Yeah. Very, very nice. Actually, and grapefruit juice is good too. I would have thought I would have hated them, but it's an acquired taste. I'm not going to lie. Like it's like, I wouldn't say it'd be going as far as eating a lemon, but it's certainly sour. It's almost like an orange in the fact that, you know how sweet an orange is sometimes. Well, this is like an orange, but sour. No, I don't mind it actually. I had a toast with Vegemite on it. So yeah, no, no, no peanut butter, no peanut butter and jelly for me. Just, just Vegemite. I've got a two year old son. Yeah. I'll have, I went out and fed the animals. So I had to feed the ducks, the chickens, the dogs and the cat. I had to remember how many animals I had then. And then also collect the eggs because we get obviously eggs from both the ducks and from the chickens. So, and obviously that it's a bit of a lucky dip. It's almost like the Easter egg hunt because you've got to go around the yard and because the ducks free range a little bit, you've got to find them. And they seem to just drop them off anywhere where the chickens obviously have their own designated lying area. So it's good too, because my young bloke comes out and he helps and it's good for him to start to get a familiarization with the animals and stuff. So it's good actually. It's a bit of a learning thing for him and he gets excited about it. So yeah, after I did that, you know, I just cleaned up the areas where the animals would sleep or, and it's not that it's that bad, but obviously rake out some of the old hay from the chicken coops and things like that and just make sure they've got enough water and things like that. No, no, I can ride one, but I don't have one. So it's, my wife thinks there is, but I can't taste the difference. It's the first time I've never grown up on duck eggs. Never even really thought about eating them until we got them. And these particular ducks are actually bred just for laying eggs. So they have, it's interesting actually, because they have no sort of, from what I understand, they're the khaki ducks or the khaki ducks and they're bred between a white domesticated large duck and one of what you'd see in the wild, your brown smaller ducks. So, but they have, because they've been bred just for a purpose, I thought that they would sit on eggs. I thought they would have little clutches of eggs together and that they would have real paternal sort of instincts, same when chickens sit on them, but they don't. They just walk around and drop them off as they walk and things like that because that's purely what they've been bred for. So they haven't, hasn't been shown to them. So it's funny how it works. They just walk around dropping eggs around the yard and it's like, as I say, an Easter egg hunt or a duck egg hunt. And you pick them up and apparently if they want to breed, they've got to, they have to, you get the eggs that's been fertilized by the drake, by the male duck, and you put them under a broody chicken. And then they, or unless you've got an incubator, because apparently, according to my wife, a lot of these ducks, because they have just been bred into captivity because they've been made for a purpose, they just put them in incubators so they know the fertilized eggs and they just put them into incubators. But if you want to do it naturally, because they have no sort of paternal things, they've got to be put under a broody chicken who then keeps them warm until they're hatched. And then I'm assuming she must think that they're hers and she looks after them for a while until, till they go back because they're very much a, they're very much like a, it's the pack sort of mentality, they go around together and it's, keep each other in order. It's cute to watch, like we've got six of them and they all huddle together and we've only got one boy and the rest are girls, but he obviously, he looks after them because he keeps a lookout. If the dogs come too near, he has a few quacks and then the girls stop eating and then he eats and yeah, it's very funny actually. It's interesting to watch. It's like the world around us in our backyard, it's very funny. Yeah, we planted some roses and I've, because we're on a big block too, I've got some paper barks there, so I had to check that the paper barks, we've had a lot of wind lately, that the paper barks were all right and were watered. And also too, we'd put a mulberry tree in, so I picked some mulberries off that and even though it's only a new tree, it's producing fruit already, which is good. And we had, we've got a lot of citrus trees at home, so we had to water those as well. So I had some mulch also that I had, had got delivered that I had to spread around the base of the trees. So no pansies, no African violets, just, just, just the watering the trees and as I say, tending to the roses. For lunch I had a chicken and bacon sub, which is like a tripe, it's almost, you need to dislocate your jaw to eat the thing that's that big, but it's, yeah, no, it's quite good. It's chicken, crispy bacon, Swiss cheese, avocado and all this different lettuce mixed with onions. It's quite nice actually. We went to the park and there I had, and then I played, just ran around with him for a while and some monkey bars and stuff and just helped him on that with the slippery dipping, things like that. No swimming pool. Yeah. Yeah. Probably about maybe an hour, hour and a half. Yeah. Yeah, I did, I think. Yep. Yeah. I think so. Now we had, we had lamb chops and cherry tomatoes, onions and some, and just a salad that was made. Yes. Great salad. And that was about it. Yep. Okay. Yeah. Yep. I got my comment. My comment, my comment, my comment, my comment, my comment, my comment, my comment, my comment, my comment, my comment, my comment, my comment, my comment, my comment, my comment, my comment, my comment, my comment, my comment, my comment. Uh, that comment. Oh, that comment.