 Okay, yesterday was Monday, so the alarm went off, turned it back off, and snoozed it for a while, just thought I'd better get up and go to work. Traveled in, parked, walked to work and came in, did my day's work, which included sitting at a desk, having a lunch break, having a cup of tea, doing more work, it was very flat out at work, and then leaving and walking back to my car and going back home. Then I wanted to go for a bit of a run, but I didn't, instead I sat on the couch, and had a typical Monday, just cooking some dinner and then going to bed quite early. Did you have any breakfast? Yes, yes I had cereal, so it was, I've taken it out of the box at the moment, it's at work, so I just had the milk, skim milk and cereal that would have been just right or something like that, so I sort of mix it all up and have various at work. What time did you leave? I left yesterday morning, it might have been at least 7, 7.30 after snoozing it for quite a while. I actually had a salad yesterday, so it would have been a chicken and salad and then just water with it. I made a marinara, sort of like a seafood, like green prawns and a little bit of marinara mixed with a red sauce and a tiny bit of spaghetti with it too, and a wine. Did you watch television? Only the news, so I pretty much normally have it on and watch a few shows, but no, it's just mainly the news just to sort of catch up and it was pretty much on the computer. So last night was an early night because we had visitors the night before, so we were up late, so it was around sort of bit after 8.30. Did you read a book? No, no, straight to sleep. And what did you do on Sunday? Sunday, got up and cleaned the house, mopped the floors, did all the chores that were needed, you know, washing. We had then some guests arrive, so we actually watched the football down at the local pub and we had a couple of wines watching the football and then sort of entertained them back at home. So that was pretty much the full day just covered in housework in the morning and entertaining in the afternoon. Did you have dinner? Yes, at the pub, so that was just a terrible meal at the pub. So that was, you know, the usual, just chips and nachos and garlic bread and things like that. So yeah, that was just pretty much like a snack that didn't end up really into a meal. And do you watch any television? Yeah, there might have been Underbelly if that was on. I think it was just sort of, it wasn't too much really watching. Yeah, I think that was just in the background. And so what did you do on Saturday? God, isn't that terrible? Saturday I would have... oh, that's right, I caught up with friends in the city Saturday night. Saturday was, I did aquaerobics, first time in many years. I thought I'd give that a try again. So I was down at the local swimming pool with all the older ladies in the, doing that for 45 minutes. Then I came back home and I sort of pondered around, did a little bit of housework and things like that and then went out. I was on the laptop doing some invitations for wedding and then I went out probably around that five o'clock mark into the city to meet up with some friends that came up from the country. So just here... Oh, just right, what did I say, just right? You didn't have... No. And you caught the train into work, train? No, I drove in and then walked. So I park and walk. And then for lunch you had... No, I had a chicken, like a salad and water. No. Chicken? No, it's kind of like a sort of a Caesar salad. So it's more lettuce, pretty much all lettuce. There's a little bit of bacon in there. There's a little bit of egg. They sort of just, no dressing though. So very, very limited sort of salad with it. And then when you got home from work... No, I wanted to, but I didn't. I had a wine on the couch instead. No. Did you go for a run? I have, but of late I've just did an injury. So I want to get back into it, but usually quite a lot. And then for dinner you made... No, I should have, but no, I had a spaghetti marinara. With prawns? Yeah, green prawns were in there. Yeah. No, I don't think that was in there. There was a marinara mix, but not... probably an octopus more than... there could have been squid in there. Yeah, probably in the marinara mix. Okay. And then the news? Should have. I like that show, but no, it was more the news and then nothing else after that too much. Just the news. Did you read your book? No, no. Straight to sleep. Okay. And you went to bed about... About 8.30. A bit after 8.30. And on Sunday you talk about midday? Not quite, but I should have. No, I got up much earlier than that. Sort of got up much, much earlier, but it would have been good to do that. Okay. And then you went down the pub with your family? No, no. Tennis was on. It's their football. Oh, which football? It was the Union. So Australia and New Zealand. Oh, and then you got home? Yeah, that was on in the background. So I believe that was... I think it was... yeah, sort of, I wasn't really in the room, but I believe that was on. That was pretty much all I saw on the television after that. Okay. So yesterday when you were going home... No, I had to get back into my car. So I just walked from work back to the car and then drove. All righty. I'm going to ask you some questions. What is your name? No comment. What is your address? No comment. What is your date of birth? No comment. Who's your favourite? No comment. The day's? No comment. Do you know Fred? No comment. Where were you last Wednesday? No comment. Do you have a driver's license? No comment. Do you live in... No comment. What car do you own? No comment. Are you meeting with Mary Phillips today? No comment. Do you own a dog? No comment. Is it raining? No comment. Do you own a motor? No comment. What time did you meet Ann Smith? No comment. How many keys do you have on your... No comment. What is your email? No comment. Who is your favourite author? No comment. No comment. The grass? No comment. Where did you have lunch? No comment. No comment. Do you drive a car to work? No comment. Do you hear news? No comment. Is Melbourne in... No comment. Is Brisbane in... No comment. Is Canberra in... No comment. What is your favourite... No comment. That's funny.