 I woke up at 6 o'clock in the morning and I made breakfast. It was toast, a bit of cheese, bacon and slices of avocado. I then prepared my meal for lunch and morning tea. Some corn thins, pear, mandarin and some leek soup. I then drove to work, checked a few emails, grabbed the car and headed off to a meeting out at Pimbal, the National Measurements Institute there. And during the meeting there were some nice sandwiches that were provided, some grape and obviously tea. And National Measurements Institute is now going to be relocated to another location out of Pimbal. So it's very, very nice facilities, supposedly out there according to the artist's impression. And I then proceeded to drive back to work and worked on a project that Peter and I are working on. Just to try to reorganise and find some cost savings and have some efficiency gains in the processing of clandestine drug laboratories. I did some Excel spreadsheet data crunching, dumbed up a few pretty graphs so we can sell the ideas to a few management personnel and worked on a few distributions with regards to where the scenes are located throughout the state and also the times and suburbs and the weekdays so we can formulate some models to try to gain some efficiencies as to how we process these things. And then I finished off at about 4.30 in the afternoon and headed over to my parents' place and walked the little dog, a Maltese Terrier called Pumpkin, went around the block for about 20 minutes and then proceeded to the in-laws out at Canterbury. Had a nice meal there, the mother-in-law prepared a nice pasta dish, baked cheese sauce, tomato sauce and some eggplants, grilled eggplants thrown in there for good measure, some olives and a nice green salad to go with it. And played on their 3D TV for a little while before my wife and myself headed back home to Pannonia. That's enough. I finished about 4.30, last night it would have been about 9 o'clock. It was after watching a few sessions of the X Factor. I went to bed at around 10.50 after a shower. Oh no, actually I jumped on the internet on the fancy Samsung phone which has a YouTube function and an internet function and just played around with that for a little while and then finally got tired and dozed off. Ooh, that's treasure. Well we actually, my wife and myself, we went shopping, we usually go shopping at Liverpool. We usually go to the fruit market first and the Chinese grocery store and the meat, poultry section and then ventured into Coles. Came out and bought a light meal and latte to go with it. Then went to JB Hi-Fi and bought a 3D Blu-ray disc and a few other older style movies. 3D movie we purchased because we thought it would be fun for the kids, it was a Yogi Bear in 3D. We sent it over to the grandparents' place last night so that the grandkids can then watch it on their 3D TV. On Saturday night we had a quiet night actually, a bit of a cleaning session and we also watched a movie, an old movie, Under the Tuscan Sun. Reliving our nice Italian adventure a couple of months back, we went to Positano. A lot of the movie was filmed in Positano in Italy. No, we got up at 6 o'clock. On the odd occasion we have to duck into work at about 7. We're a bit far away from work so we need to get up at 5 if we need to duck into work at 7. No, I had a toast, a bit of cheese, some ham and slices of avocado. Most times, yes, most times. Sometimes the odd cereal during the colder, oh sorry, during the warmer months, some cold milk. No, no, the lunch was actually a leek soup and prepared some morning tea, some pear and some corn thins. Ah, yes, sorry, yes, there was one mandarin there as well. No, my missus made it the previous night. No, we drive to work on this occasion, yeah, I took my missus' old car and she takes the new fancy car. No, I checked a few emails. The scientific journals, that's probably late bedtime reading. Fall asleep. Yes, I do, yeah, all the research obviously, we have to dig up some journal articles to steer us on the right track. The meeting was out at Pimble, North Sydney Way. No, no, I never travelled to Blacktown. I don't recall the last time I've actually been out to Blacktown. Probably in passing, but never as a destination. No party fires unfortunately, some sandwiches, a few grapes, tea and coffee. Ah, yes, they were quite nice. I only had the one, which was a tuna and sun-ripened tomatoes. There's some odd ones there, salad, some avocado ones, but I only tried the tuna and the sun-ripened tomatoes. I went back to work and, yeah, I did some emailing, but the majority of the time was spent crunching some data on an Excel spreadsheet, a couple of spreadsheets actually, and trying to dummy up some fancy charts and graphs. Actually, I left work at about, oh, I was about five in the end. Yeah, 4.30, sorry, 4.30 to five, somewhere in between there. Yes, that's about the time we normally leave, yes. No, I went over to my parents' place and we walked the dog. Oh, we do have two cats there at the location and I may have patted the cat there. No, not quite, different vegetable, pumpkin dog's name, a Maltese terrier, a white one. I took, it's a she-dog actually, a female dog, and I took her around the block for about 20 minutes. I would have liked to have steak and chips in addition to the pasta meal that we had. It was baked pasta with tomato sauce and cheese sauce and some eggplants as well. No, actually, we played around on the 3D TV. We watched a section of a movie, Yogi Bear in 3D with fancy 3D glasses. No, they don't have PS3 at that location. For a little while, we watched X Factor. Australia's Got Talent, I think, finished up a while back. So, no, that wasn't on, so we watched X Factor. Yeah, not recently. When it was on, I did watch it. Oh, a little bit earlier than that, oh, my bedtime's probably around 10.30 usually, but we got home around nine that night. No, I actually jumped on my phone and searched the internet and looked up a few videos on YouTube. So, no reading. Ah, well, reading on the phone. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.