 Yesterday morning was Wednesday, about 10 past 5, emptied the dishwasher, have a shave, have a shower, walk the dogs for 5 minutes, get their food ready for the rest of the day, and head off to work at about 7am. Arrive at work at about 8am, depends on how beautiful Penethills Road goes, then work hard here all day. But hang on, I wasn't here all day. I borrowed a vehicle and went to Lidcombe to do some work out there. The vehicle I borrowed was from the FSG carpool, one of two cars, and I had to, or one of those Korean cars, and whoever drove the vehicle before had the seat right forward. I couldn't get into the car until I wound the seat back, and then when I got into it, I went to lean back like this, it was right back as far as I could. I don't know how the person ever drove the car, unless the only way they could realise they get out was to lay the seat back back, which to me is pretty bloody stupid. You better... I don't know who the person was, so I can't comment. But once I overcame the problem of getting into the car, I then had the job of driving to Lidcombe, and on the way to Lidcombe it made rattly noises in the spare tyre compartment, and I decided I'll fix that when I got there, and I worked out what the problem was, and the cheap, nasty, synthetic material container for the jack handle and the tyre lever, a piece of metal, one of those sticking out, rubbing on the metal, I assumed, so I fixed it up so I wouldn't do it again, but on the way back it happened again, and I'll tell you about that shortly. And I went and did some work at Dale, inside the lab, and annoyed some people there, and left about two o'clock to come back to Lidcombe, and the car made the same noise. And when I got halfway back I stopped to work out what the problem was, because the basement of his building was too dark to see what's there. The repair job I did, or the correcting job I did for the tool bag was still working, but there still was a noise there. Then when I had a look around, I found a little tiny screwdriver underneath the spare tyre. Then I had the devil's job trying to get it out, because when you undo the retaining screw, you still can't get the spare tyre out, because someone's bolted a pistol safe to the floor at the front end of the compartment, and it seems to be held in place by some tensioning metal plates to do with the safety barrier between the front and the back of the vehicle. So whoever gets a flat tyre and have vehicles in for an interesting experience, because I wasn't going to bust myself trying to get it out, but I got the screwdriver out somehow, put it in there, and it didn't make a noise the rest of the trip. Yes, I thought for a brand new vehicle, 2,000 kilometres on it, making that sort of noise was rather annoying. Well, I believe in the tool bag, I'm not quite sure where, but I jammed it into a spot that was vacant. I'm not quite sure it was designed for the screwdriver, but I did the intelligence thing and looked up the instruction book in the car first, and it tells you nothing, because most Australians don't read the instruction book. Just before three o'clock, I fiddled around sorting out what I'd done at Dal all day. Yeah, it was one of the excess body sample reviews I did. I had to read through two lever arch files of paperwork to try and work out what was going on. But I think I've worked it out, and I'm halfway through sending an email to the officer in charge now to find out what he wants to do with these exhibits. Five o'clock, I think, from memory, went home, exercised the dog, fed the dog, fed ourselves, watched Spicks and Specks, watched Gruen Transfer, turned off the TV when the hamster program came on, because I can't stand those idiots. Just on ten o'clock, I can't remember, food. Oh, they had their dog food. They had their usual dog food with some cut-up carrot and some minced meat and dry dog food. Some meat and vegetable thing, like a casserole type of thing. Heather, my wife, I fed the dog, she fed me and herself. I only exercised the male dog, because he's got that operation he just had. And probably ten minutes when I first got home, so I could empty his bladder and his bowel, and he's quite happy to go inside, and I probably exercised him for ten minutes, twice more, before I went to bed at ten. Only in the yard, I don't have time to go elsewhere. Just only in the yard. Only walk him. The female can go out in the backyard and run around like an idiot. He's not allowed to run around like an idiot, so he's only walked in the yard. Heather took him for a walk the night before, I think, for about half of a three-quarters of an hour. What was that last night? That was last night. Last night, she took him for a walk up to a park. Yeah. Do you really want to know? He emptied his bowels twice more. So he did it for me when he first arrived home, and did it twice more for her. No, no incidents occurred. She didn't mention any. No, he's not allowed off a lead, and he wouldn't have bitten a man. No. Heather wouldn't have let him do so. He's not been let off a lead after spending five thousand on an operation on his leg. There's a few other German Shorthaired Pointers around our area. Wouldn't be Heather or our dog at home, inside a four-metre by two-metre cage in the front yard. They'd have to look out of a 1.8-metre-high wall. Yep, yep. No comment.