 Oh wow, what was yesterday? Yesterday was Tuesday. Okay, I got up at 10 to 5, I had a shower, I got dressed and had a coffee and then I drove to work. I parked my car at work, I went into the office and I was in the office about 5 past 6. I checked my emails and then I went out and grabbed a coffee. I had a coffee and then I had a discussion with some workmates and then I sat back down at my desk. I did a pile of paperwork in regards to a chemical targeting of trace evidence course that I'm running next week for a couple of hours and then I stopped and had another coffee break at about 10 o'clock. And then I did my duty book and some rosters and some more emails and took a number of phone inquiries and made a number of phone inquiries. I then wrote two reports about the purchase of some equipment. I had a meal break at about 12.30 in the meal room with some colleagues and had a conversation and then I went back to work and then I sprayed, I actually looked at the fluorescence of a chemical under ultraviolet light and took some ultraviolet photography, some photography at the same. And then I uploaded all those photos to the computer and edited them a little bit so I could merge them into a document. And then after merging them into a document, I packed up my things. I think I read the newspaper on the internet for about 15 minutes, packed up my stuff and walked out the door, got to my car, drove home. I talked to my partner and my children and then I exercised for about an hour and a half. Went for a run and then I trained for about 35 minutes and then I had, I cooked dinner and then I had dinner with two glasses of wine. I gave my son a bath and then I washed the dishes and then I watched Four Corners on the internet off the download off the ABC site and then I went to bed about 10 o'clock. What did I eat last night? Last night was salmon with edamame, broccolini and soba noodle, oh no, some type of noodles. Edamame, soybeans, salted soybeans, yes. No. I had, yesterday I had pasta with tuna and four beans and some tomatoes and zucchini. No, I made it the night before. Beans, zucchinis and tomatoes I think it was. Sort of. Combination of leftovers and tuna and things like that. No, two. No, no. One of my partners. I left home at about 5.30. Yep. No, not yesterday, drove straight in. No, no, drove straight home. No, no, no, not that I saw. No, not that I remember. No, mm-hmm, okay. Oh, so I can't really tell you anything about that. No, oh, no, mm-hmm, yep. So was that yesterday afternoon or yesterday morning? Okay, so I ran over the, clipped the cyclist and he fell over. Okay, he must have rode too close to my car. Okay, so I clipped him and then spoke to them. Okay. Ah, well if the footage shows that I stopped and spoke to him, I must have stopped and spoke to someone. I don't remember speaking to a cyclist though. Mm, other than at traffic lights, no. Yes. Mm, I'd say he'd be incorrect. I think I checked my emails, I probably sent a couple of emails. Eh, shortly after I came in. Ah, yes, yep, yep, I do. Okay. Stairs though, without the security pass. Yep, ah, about 12 o'clock I think. I think it was about 12.30. Yeah. Okay, just whenever I get a chance. Ah, pasta and tuna for dinner last night. No, no, I had some lunch. Dinner, tuna for lunch. Nah, about four o'clock. Mm-hmm. Yep, no, no, no, no, I just went for a run and I train at home, I do exercise at home. Ah, about eight. Yes, that's right. Yep, yep, yep, I did. No, it was on my computer, so I downloaded it off the web and just watched. I think it must have been historical shows, like just ones that I've missed. About ten. Yeah. Okay. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment. No comment, no comment, no comment. No comment.