 Okay, I did, funnily enough, had to take the dog to the vet. I took my dog to the vet due to an ear infection and after waiting around the vets for 40 minutes and it not looking like anything further was going to happen, I took my dog back home, waited around a little bit longer, rang the vets and then I was told to take my dog back into the vet, which I did and then my dog was seen to and then had to stay overnight while it had an operation. After that, I went back home and I did some gardening and I had to clean up our garage and then we went for a drive to a lake. There's a saltwater baths there and a wharf and I took my family there where we had a swim and then walked along the lake for a while. After that, we finished, came home and had some lunch and then after some lunch, my son went to sleep, had an afternoon nap and then I still did some yard work and then I went for a walk and then went for a bike ride and I rode all along the lake and did a bit of sightseeing around. There's a national park near where I live, so I rode the bike along there and then would walk the bike as well and just have a look at all the bush trails around there and then after that, finished, rode home and then made dinner. We had a barbecue and after a while with the barbecue, the gas bottle ran out, so I had to change the gas bottle over and after that, finished the barbecue, did some washing up, had a look on the internet and watched a bit of telly before going to bed and that was my day. I would have been up around about probably 7am, maybe quarter past 7 and then, yeah, as I said, I made breakfast, so I made some scrambled eggs and toast, cooked up some bacon and then my wife and child probably woke up around about 8, maybe 8.30 and made some breakfast for them and then, yeah, just continued with the day's activities. And I probably had dinner at about, probably I'd say, we had an early dinner, so I probably started the barbecue about 5.30 in the afternoon and by the time with the ruckus with the gas bottle running out, probably finished at about 6.30 all up, so it took a while, it was a bit of an ongoing ordeal, but got there in the end and then we had chops, sausages, my wife made a potato bake and we had some salad too for the barbecue. After that, there was a mountain of washing up, so that probably took me maybe, because I actually helped out with the washing up, which I thought was very good of me, which probably took about half an hour, maybe 40 minutes to do some of the washing up and tidy up. And then, yeah, from there, so I put my son to bed at about, I'd say, probably 8.30, maybe 9 o'clock at night at the latest and he generally, he's going through a phase at the moment, generally likes to kick around for a bit before he goes to sleep, so he probably didn't go to bed, unfortunately, until about 9.30, so, and then I was up at 4 this morning ready to start work, so. Okay, so what I did yesterday is I went, cooked breakfast, after I cooked breakfast I had to take my dog down to the vets, which I did, but I waited there for 40 minutes and the vets were very busy that day, so after taking my dog there and waiting for around 40 minutes, I took my dog back home and then left it an hour and then rang the vets and took the dog back down there and then I was probably there for half an hour before the dog got put in overnight to have an operation. From that I went, did some yard work, then I had lunch, then I, then I believe, I went to, I went down to the lake and we went on the, they've got like an ocean baths type thing, it's not really an ocean, it's salt water baths with a public wharf. So we went for a walk around there, had a bit of a swim, then came back and then I did some more yard work before going for a bike ride in the afternoon and then obviously then I had to, and that bike ride I was also walking around one of the national parks that we've got round home, which was good and that probably took maybe, all up that would have probably taken about an hour and a half and then from there, came back home, did some more pottering in the yard and doing some other things and then yeah, cooked a barbecue before the gas bottle decided to run out. Probably, I was riding my, probably that would have been later in the afternoon when it wasn't as hot and that probably would have been about, I'd say 3.30 in the afternoon and then that probably took as I say, roughly, probably no more than maybe an hour, hour and a half because I think I started the barbecue about 5.30 so yeah, probably wouldn't have been any more than an hour and a half and that would have taken a while in between walking and riding the bike, yeah it would have been a good probably hour and a half. No, it's a push bike, like a mountain bike that I've, it's also got a, I can take, I didn't this time but it's also got a little seat where I can put my little two year old in the back of it and he straps in and you can go for, mum and dad can take him for a ride if he wants to, so that's pedal power. Yep, no, we drove, we don't have a Smith Street where we are, we drove, yeah no Smith Street, can't even remember what the street's called but yeah, definitely no Smith Street. No, I'm sure it's not Smith Street. Well I would say that I would remember if it was Smith Street because Smith Streets a fairly common name. We go along Harbord Street and then we go along Station Street but there's no Smith Street. Yep, which suburb was it in? I say that it's not true. There's, I don't know of a Smith Street in Blacktown but more importantly I've never been to Blacktown in my life. Ah no, unless it's been stolen and then returned when I went to get into it yesterday, no, that's, no one else has access to my vehicle except for my wife and I had the keys down here with me. Ah no, no, no but that's actually pretty good questioning, I like that, could have been a solicitor. No, no I definitely do not, do not lend my vehicle and as I say I can state I've never been to Blacktown. Whether there's a Smith Street in Blacktown I know that my car wasn't there unless it, somehow someone got hold of it, drove it there and then happened to return it before I finished work and I didn't notice anything, anything different. So no it hasn't been involved in a collision to the best of my knowledge. Ah none, no. This morning I went to my car and we've got an open air carport and as you walk round it you have to, because I've got a big bag that I lug round and take things to work in and I have to go to both the passenger side, then around the rear and to my driver's side to hop in. So I would have noticed some substantial damage or any damage for that matter because I'm fairly careful with my car. There was my wife in the car but as I said that was around the bounds of where we live and now we're near Blacktown at all.