 I got up yesterday around about seven o'clock. Then I idled around, I had breakfast. Then I had a shower after breakfast. Then I went into Crow's Nest with my wife because we went to a Kwee Gong meditation session that she was involved in and I was supposed to go along and help her learn the moves and there were just too many and I didn't learn any of them. Then we went and had lunch at Crow's Nest at Burlington Bar and Kitchen. And then I caught the bus back home, did a bit of shopping in the afternoon. Then dinner, what did I have for dinner? Oh, I had a series of leftovers. Not very much because we had this big lunch, really big lunch actually, it was lovely pie, lamb pie, a bit of red wine from Heathcote. Watched some TV, fiddled with the computer a bit, then went to bed, 10.30 thereabouts. No. Ah, breakfast yesterday. I had a piece of toast actually. Yes, I did. I only had the one piece of toast, one half of it, half slice, I had bromide on it. And the second half slice I had a Malaysian jam called Kaya, which is really a coconut with a bit of sugar or so in it to make jam, it's a coconut jam with a touch of egg in it, I think. Ah, went to Crow's Nest, we went across at nine o'clock to catch the bus, missed it, caught one about 9.30, got to Crow's Nest just before 10. No, we went to this fancy Kwee Gong training course, Burlington, at Crow's Nest. No, it was a lamb pie. Yeah, very nice lamb pie, plenty of lamb in it, with red wine, yes. Red wine was a Brown Brothers from Heathcote. No, I only had a glass. Yeah, I had a glass, she had a glass, but I drank most of hers. Well, not quite, a couple of sips less. Yeah, we caught the bus home from there. Oh, well, when we arrived back, we went shopping then, so we didn't actually go into home, we went to the shops first and then back home. So the time would have been around about 3.15, 3.30ish or so that we arrived at the shops. Did some shopping in the shops, no, we walked home near the shops, yep. And she walked back first because she wanted to watch her TV program at 4.30. I probably got back around about quarter to five. Ah, there's a car park at the shopping centre, but not in front, underneath, yeah. So yeah, ah, yeah, that's right, yeah. Sorry, yeah, 4.45, quarter to five, yeah. Not straight away, I had dinner around about 7 o'clock, yeah. After dinner, I watched television, yes. I watched a show called Poe's Kitchen on the Road, that's at 8 o'clock, and then I watched another one just at 9.30 called Unforgettable, and went to bed after that at 10.30, yeah, one-hour show. She walked back just about 4.30, yeah. Yeah, wasn't me, no, wasn't me. No, no, a lot of ladies with trolleys don't remember a man beside anyone. No, I don't. Oh, quite regularly. Oh, I don't think so, it's a very busy shopping centre. I recognise me, but they wouldn't know me by name. Well, some might, the coffee shop probably would recognise me. Saturday, that's a long while ago. Saturday, gee, don't remember. Ah, no, don't remember, probably. Ah, I may have gone to a different one, to that shopping centre on that, on Saturday. No, no, I didn't, no, no. Oh, she doesn't drink coffee much on her own. It's only if I'm there that she'll drink. No, no, never been to Coffee Gurus. Don't think so, I got a twin brother. Yeah, she got a twin sister. Yeah, it is, you know, it's one of those things. Oh, I don't know what he was wearing that day, don't know. Oh, never wear the same clothing. He could have, could have, yeah, but I don't know. Oh, they're pretty similar, very close, been close all their life, identical twins. Oh, didn't go to the car park yesterday evening from the shopping centre direct. She should be able to recognise me. Yeah. I think I would, under those circumstances. Thank you. Okay, right, I got my lawyer here now. No comment.