 Canberra's nice you like it down here yesterday. It was an interesting day. I rose about quarter to five so five four forty five I drove to work yesterday and I got to work about six o'clock down at the rocks and I Assisted in doing a film for a commercial for a USA Insurance Company It was quite interesting how they made it There's a thousand one people here to do this 30-second ad and took them all day So a lot of money in the process they served up a nice lunch, which was very enjoyable morning tea but other than that, that's all I did I assisted in the traffic control car stopping cars making sure no cars come down the streets in which they were filming in and then I had to Climb up a building leap from one building to another so they can film it for the commercial because it's insurance of how you can Break your leg. That was a bit a bit more exciting than the morning after that quiet and right down Then I went to the pub had a couple of beers with a mate and yeah, we got a bit sort of wasted We stumbled out of there and wandered home. I don't know how we got home I don't know we drove or we got public transport, but we ended up at home asleep Woke up the next morning very dusty. My mate wasn't there So I'm not too sure where he ended up but I spoke to him early So he's safe and well wipe him out of the scene on the way home So yeah, and then we over the net that's all I did now about 345 in the afternoon. Yes 2 p.m No, I hung around work for the one then went to the pub. It was the Orient that's down at the rocks or next question. I don't know. I think we have snack but nothing major I just some cut the packs of Smith crisp chips and then I think we might got some wedges with sour cream on it That's all I remember. I was a little bit late, but don't tell me boss our public transport No, I don't think I was there would've been still under the weather a bit or slightly. Yeah, I was a bit dusty Yes, I reckon if I got close enough to the boss the boss could have with now yesterday morning I have caught the 5 445. Yes or most mornings I get up earlier about half an hour earlier a quarter past 4 Yesterday I left about 5 o'clock in the morning No, I had that at work 5-week peaks a bit of milk banana. Yes 5. Yeah. Yeah, usually 5 or 4 Yes, just do this commercial exactly. Yes. I think about midday. Yes, it's humid very muggy Yeah about 2 p.m And then I'm just at work for a little while just tidying up a few things Waiting for a mate and then we headed to the pub not darling. How about the rocks? Yeah, the Orient the rocks one might and then we met a couple of more mates who are down there It's just accident. We'd run into them. No, no, yes I was 445 and then I drove in if I was catch public transport I'll get up at 415 Yeah weekends I drive in in Harrington Street. I think it is at the rocks Yes trying to confuse me all day got there about half past 5 20 to 6 There's several here. I passed a couple which are parked down the other end But and there was one car parked where I was parking, but yeah, I can't recall what car it was I think I parked in behind it. Yes my car. I usually drive it only the one but eight years old No, I don't think so at home. That's my worrying question I don't know if another mate who who wasn't drinking drive at home or My mate who I was with was drinking driving home, but that's why I don't recall possibly very unlikely because I wouldn't know Because I don't think yeah, what wouldn't mean a good idea for me to drive. No, no possibly Yeah I spoke to my mate and he is home But I didn't talk to him about how we got home or anything like because he's in a bit of a rush So I couldn't talk to him too long public transport. Yes. I walked past it walk out home It was parked there in the street. No, I didn't really look at the car I just was a bit of a rush to get the bus. I can't say anything. I don't know anything about an incident Don't know if I was driving it my mate who looks very similar to me. It could have been him I don't know. No, it's my car, but sometimes my mate would have driven, but I don't know. Is he okay? The cyclist. Oh, I don't know I can't say anything really because as I've said to you, I'm not too sure who was driving the car Yeah, jeans and a white top and I I did have a hat on but yeah, I think I've misplaced that too Oh, yeah it. It's just the the Sports brand that Russell yes or I can't I don't remember stand by a cyclist Oh, I was wasted at home. You can send the boys around gray. No comment. No comment. No comment no comment No comment no comment. Please no comment that comment no comment No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. They comment no comment They probably do come in. I comment I comment I comment, they come in. I come in I come in comment