 Okay, yesterday I had to get up quite early. I had a work commitment up in the off-site out on the at a function centre, so I got up early in the morning probably about 4.00 which is usually about an hour earlier than usual and arranged to, well the first thing I did was have a look on the internet for directions to where I was going which was up in Western Sydney and sort of worked out where I was heading and I jumped in the car just stopped off down the paper shop. I grabbed the paper and just a bottle of orange juice and then made my way up to up to the function centre. So I arrived there about quarter to six, sorry quarter to seven a.m. and it was raining at that point so and I was a bit early, I got there a bit early to help organise things and so I just sat in the car for a little while, read the paper. Then people started to arrive and I tracked down the the person that was opening the centre, so I was just greeting people, getting things organised and then during the morning we had some planned planned sessions and discussions and a few guest speakers that took us up until lunchtime so had lunch and resumed this session for the afternoon. So in the afternoon basically we were facilitated through the planned the planning exercise that we were up there for, gathering all the documentation on that and so that took us towards the end of the day which was in the late afternoon. Then we went and all arranged to meet for dinner, there was a restaurant or sort of a restaurant on site up there so we all had dinner and had a guest speaker over dinner. We all had a few drinks together and I think I ended up going to sleep at about 10 o'clock so that was that was the day. That's right, yeah that's right. Returned to Sydney, we're there for the next day so it would have been about three o'clock the next afternoon. Yeah, yes, so that was the day before, yeah the day before so we returned to Sydney yesterday afternoon, that's right. On Tuesday being yesterday, yeah just got back home and so I went directly home and yeah that was it basically. Yeah, well we finished in the late afternoon so that gave me time to get home yesterday afternoon, yeah that's right. Oh no, it was about 4.30pm, yeah. I actually went online onto the internet to have a look, yeah. It took about, I'd say about an hour and a half. No, I had a work vehicle, that's right, that's right. It was eight o'clock start. No, not really but I was there to to greet some of the people that were helping organizing the day so there was a bit of organization to do in the morning before it commenced. No, no I just actually grabbed an orange juice on the way from the paper shop, yeah. No, I didn't. No, I actually had that before I went up. I read the newspaper, I bought the newspaper from the from the paper shop, yeah. No, I wasn't, no. No, no, there was other guest speakers arranged, yeah. No, I didn't say that. Well, I had planned the sessions and arranged the guest speakers to to attend but I didn't actually, wasn't a guest speaker myself. That's right, no. I think lunch would have been about one o'clock I'd say. What was it? It was sort of like a noodle, a spicy noodle type type dish and some salad. That's right, yes. I think it was closer to about five, five o'clock, yeah. No, not directly, only because it wasn't open but it happened about six, yeah, around about six, yeah. Dinner was at 7pm. It was next door, yeah. I had a chicken, a chicken dish, yeah. 10 o'clock, yeah. It was around about three o'clock. No, no, I actually, I actually at that time of the day just went directly home and we ran about that. No, no, yes. No, it was just temporary, yeah, from a carpool, yeah. That's right, that's right, that's right. Yes, I did. Yes, that's right, that's right, that's right. Yes, yes, it was. On the weekend was that, was the company car lot? Yes, it was, yes. No, no, no. Right. North along... Right, right, right, right. No, I don't recall any, any incident at all, nothing at all. No, I don't recall, don't recall that. Right, right. No, I don't. I mean, they could have been there but maybe I wasn't taking any notice but... Right. No, it definitely didn't happen. I would have known if that would have happened. Um, I guess I would have heard something or, you know, heard something if I had hit something with the car, I would have heard it. No, I'm not aware. I don't even, I don't even know where Smith Street is. Oh, not, no, not really. No. Oh, could be. Yes. Right, right, right. Right. I don't recall anything like that. It's, um, in back in, in the car, please. Back in the car, Philip. Right, okay, sure. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.