 Okay, I got up, I fed my dog and then packed my work bag and got to work and had breakfast when I got to work, a cup of tea when I got to work, said good morning to everybody, attended a briefing and then did day-to-day general duty work allocated to me and had coffee with colleagues and basically that's it. Then had lunch, then went home and didn't go to bingo. Oh I got up, well that's debatable. I woke up at 11 o'clock, so I went to bed at 8.30, got up at 11, thought can't wake up now, went back to sleep, woke up at about 1, thought can't wake up now, went back to sleep and then got up at the time that I meant to be which is about 4.30. Yeah. What did I have for breakfast? I had a vegetarian omelette, it was really yummy. Yeah. I drove, yep I drove, 6 o'clock meeting, yes one meeting at, actually a couple, one at 7.30 and then another one at about give or take 8 o'clock, 8.30. Lunch. I had, I had salad with Moroccan chicken, it was really yummy. Did I have lunch with anyone yesterday? No, no not yesterday. I left yesterday at 4 o'clock. No I drove, I drove to work and I drove home from work. No, not to work. About quarter past five. Should have, no bad, didn't get there. No, should have gone but didn't go. That's right. Yeah, shoulda, coulda, woulda. Which one do I want to be? No. For dinner, yes I had the rest of the Moroccan chicken with some fried rice with oyster sauce and vegetable. For breakfast I had a omelette, it was actually a muffin omelette, so it's a omelette in a muffin, vegetarian omelette, very nice. No, yep, sometimes, yep. Did I? I did, didn't I? I did actually. I bought a book, yep. Did you see me up there? No, no I had Moroccan chicken with salad. I went downstairs in the canteen in the building, yep. No, after lunch I came back to my desk. No, I left work at about 4, positive. No, I got home about quarter past five, yep. I did actually, yep. No, I should have but I didn't. No, I didn't watch a movie, I watched a documentary on the, it was on the Four Corners and I taped it on Monday night and I watched it last night. Yeah, I was actually, I just, but I wasn't interested so I haven't finished watching it but it's a good documentary. It's about, oh, the General Gis was illegal human trafficking and the victims were talking about how her son, this is where I turned on, was killed or bashed to death with an iron bar and it was relating to a girlfriend of his which confided in him that he, she was working as a sex worker down in Melbourne. No, Four Corners. So you went to bed at? No, I went to bed, 8 o'clock. I got in the bed 8 o'clock. Alrighty, I'm now going to ask you to answer, no comment. Okay, yep, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. Where were you? No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, No comment.