 Okay, so yeah, so I got up, I usually get up about, well my alarm goes off about quarter past five. So I got up in the morning, my usual routine, put the kettle on, jump in the shower, iron a shirt. Did of course notice that it was dark due to that daylight saving, so that was a bit different. But yeah, so I actually get the train to work. So made my way down to the station, got on the train. It was on time, I mean, it's been on time for quite a while now, which I think is pretty good. Train into work, arrived at work and checked. Usually, of course, the first thing I do is jump on and see what emails I've received overnight or late the previous afternoon. And once I did that, went to make another cup of coffee. And now yesterday, what happened yesterday morning? That's right, the boss grabbed me and asked me to go into the office and brief me about something that had occurred overnight. So he went through and briefed me on that and allocated tasks. Basically for the rest of the day, I was basically just in the office going through. Had a meeting with a couple of colleagues and nothing unusual really occurred during the day. So basically, yeah, that was the day. Lunchtime, I did my regular trip around to, what's it called? Subway, get a subway and went back to the office. Watched Seinfeld for about 10 minutes in the lunchroom while I ate that and then back to work. So again, just carried on with just some outstanding reporting in the afternoon. Met with another colleague about some reports that needed to be discussed with deadlines approaching. And in the afternoon, got away reasonably early. It was about quarter to four or something. So got my normal train back home and basically went home, spent some time with my wife and children, just enjoyed the extra sunlight. And that was basically the day. So I was about quarter past five. Yeah, no, no, about quarter past five. Yeah, no, I didn't really. I had those hanging overnight. So they were already lined. No, actually just walk down to work. I get the train to work. So it's only a short walk. It's only a few minutes down to the station. So I usually just go walk down via the paper shop and grab a paper and get on a train. No, no, I didn't mention a bike at all. No, it's more around about a past seven. No, I didn't say nine. No, I just made a coffee at work in the tea room. Yeah, had a meeting with my boss, first of all, in the morning. And yeah, but had a few meetings with colleagues throughout the day. There's no pizza near work. So if I'm gonna grab something, I'd get a subway or something like that, something quick. And that was probably about 10 minutes. Yeah, while I was eating lunch, yeah. Yeah, it was about 10 minutes. Yeah, it was just various sort of reports that I was working on at the time and made a few calls about those reports. Fairly early, around about, I think it was about four o'clock. So yeah, that's what time I left. No, I got the train home. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, That comment, that comment, that comment, that comment.