 I looked at Facebook and then I went back to sleep for another half an hour say then got up about 20 to 8. I made a coffee, I drank my coffee while I was talking to the dogs because they had to wait to get fed and I was barking. Fed them about quarter past nine, fed the cats as well and then I sat down and watched the morning show for about an hour and then I walked up the street and paid rent at the real estate which means I went to the post office before I went to the real estate and then I went and had some lunch and then I went home and did the washing up. I put a load of laundry on and I took the bin out and then I went back up to the out the street and had a beer at the pub and then came back home and then watched a bit more tv for about an hour and a half. Turned it off then I put some music on and then packed a few boxes and then my partner came home and we went for a walk with the dogs, very quick walk because then it started to rain again and then we cooked dinner and then watched some tv series and then I went to bed about 20 to 10. We watched the Game of Thrones. Game of Thrones. Yep it's not, we've got it on our hard drive. No, it's a tv series set in I guess like medieval times when the kings were alive and whatnot. Oh no, friends gave it to us. I'm not sure how they got it. They just put it on our hard drive. We had lamb chops and salad too. About 5 30? No, no. I'm not sure. I don't remember. No, too busy talking. No, no. Oh really? Which one? Oh Roxy. No, it wouldn't have been Roxy. No, no, no, no, not at all. No, well not. Fair enough. No, not at all. Oh just McLeod's Daughters. Like oh MacGyver and then McLeod's Daughters and that's about it. I was only half watching it. I don't like the shows. About quarter past 12? No, 1. Yeah, no. Not today. Oh there was two other people out in the beer garden but they were further down the back. No, no. I was outside. They were inside whether they did or not. I didn't hear anything. No, yeah, yeah. No, not at all. No, no. I did some washing. Oh well like the washing up and then put the a load of washing on. A um chicken sandwich. Oh I woke up about 10 past seven and then I got off. I actually got up about 20 to eight. Nah, I didn't have breakfast. No, yep. No comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment, no comment. comment.