 All right, let me see. Yesterday was a sunny morning, so I went out and had a bit of a five minute walk out in the back garden, I remember, while I had a cup of tea and fed the cat and didn't really do a lot else. As per usual, I iron my shirt before I go to work and watched the clock and thought I'd better rush and get to work because there'll be a lot of traffic. And would you like more? Okay. It was pretty slow yesterday, such a difference after the school holidays. There seems to be twice as many cars on the road, so it probably took me just under an hour to get to work, whereas during the school holidays it would take just over half an hour, so that's quite a difference. So I've found I'm still adjusting to school zone and school time travel times. So fortunately today I was well prepared. And yeah, so what else? I went out last night. I don't usually go out much during the week, but I went out to a meeting last night, so that was nice, and got home about 10 past 10, so I didn't have too late a night. Yesterday, I'm very regular in my habits, so at the moment I've got a large economy pack of Weet-Bix to eat. So predictably, most mornings I have Weet-Bix. I usually have three, and then I debate whether to have a muffin or a slice of toast after that, but I always like a cup of strong tea to go with it. I always have to go by car, because my workplace isn't very accessible by public transport. Ah yes, well it was pretty much 9.30 yesterday, because I took a bit longer than usual. I usually get there a bit after nine, so yeah. Ah, let's see, I actually went to the shop and I got a kebab yesterday. Actually that was the day before, so I'm lying, but anyway. I actually had potato and bacon soup a little bit earlier than usual, because I had this meeting, so it would have been just about five o'clock. Yeah, it would have been probably a quarter to six, ten to six, that sort of time. Yeah, well that was after dinner, so it was an eight o'clock meeting, and it's local, so I didn't have far to go. So yeah. Ah, it was quite nice. It was crumbed veal with a lemon sauce, and there was a potato bake with a cream sauce and bacon in it, and yeah, it sounds a bit like lunch. It was quite nice. It had some melted cheese on top. So yeah, quite a pleasant dinner. Well, pretty much straight away, but I've got a good book to read, so I stayed up another half an hour and read my book. Then my eyelids got heavy about 11 o'clock. Yeah, well that was the big one. For many years we've been talking about going overseas, and it's finally happened this year. So the whole family went to Europe via Thailand, and we had a few days in London, Paris, and the bulk of the trip was actually in Norway, where I had some family. So I got to meet a whole lot of family members I never knew I had, so that was good. Just over three weeks all up. It was actually hot. One day in London was the hottest day in England this year, and it was over 30 degrees. That would have got to probably 31 or 32 one day, and strangely going to Paris after that, it got to 35. So that was remarkably warm. So yeah, it was the hottest time of the year in Europe. Oh yeah, but with young teenage kids it was pretty hectic because we had a pretty tight schedule. So you had to get them into bed at night. That was a challenge, and then you had to get them out of bed the next morning, sometimes at an unreasonable hour, 6 30 in the morning and half an hour to get breakfast and get down the road and catch a bus or a train or whatever. So that was definitely a challenge. No, only three. No, no, no. I think I'd probably have to lie down and digest that. I had to drive. It'd take me about two hours to catch the train to work. I've only got a cat. No, I patted the cat. I wish I did, but it was canned soup. No, it was potato and bacon on special from Woolies. No, it's a good 20 Ks home. So it would have been near a 45. Yeah, that's right. No, no, just a meeting. No, I did better than that. Had crumb veal. No, didn't watch any telly. A book. No, would have been nearer 11. No, no, went the other way for Europe. Only two days. Just over three. No, it was actually unseasonably warm. Actually, towards the end of our stay, I think it was normal when we got there, it would have been 20 ish on the first day, but it quickly heated up. Okay. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.