 I've got to try to remember what I did yesterday. What's today, Wednesday, Tuesday? Got up, shower, brushed my teeth, had some breakfast, ironed my uniform, got in my uniform, drove to work, parked in the basement, upstairs. You know what, I really can't remember what I did yesterday. I think I met the troops, had a chat, went and got a coffee, come back, had a bit more of a chat, went and spoke to the boss. Had a bit of a chat to him about a few issues, did some emails, phone calls. That took us up pretty much to lunchtime, was just emails and paperwork. Had lunch, went down to a little Vietnamese bakery, got a pork roll, come back, had that. About one o'clock then we had a representative from a company that we're dealing with come up and spoke to us. And then Charlie and I did some experiments with a new forensic DNA spray that McDonald's restaurants are introducing. If they have an armed robbery, they activate the system and it sprays anyone who runs in and out of the door with a fluorescent dye that contains a synthetic DNA. And that DNA, we can swab it and send it away to the company and it's unique to that store and that time and location. So Charlie and I sprayed each other with synthetic DNA out of a can and then just did some trials on photographing it and the fluorescence and swabbing it and things like that. Then I worked on some standard operating procedures for that and that pretty much brought me up to the end of the shift. Went down to the basement, got the car, drove home. And what did I do when I get home? I had a chat to my wife and my son, just got a new telephone so I'm incessantly fiddling with that technology filler, much to my wife's disgust. And we had dinner. What did we have? We had spaghetti bolognese for dinner, washed up while the wife made school lunches for tomorrow and then I watched something on TV, something mindless that I can't remember. Mythbusters with my son. And then he loves Mythbusters, his favourite thing. And then I went to bed about nine o'clock, same time as always, 4.15am because I start at Parramatta at six and I live in the Southern Highlands. I live 100km away from Parramatta, but I live in the bush on five acres and it's very nice. It is, every day, twice a day, 200km round trip. I had some Wheat Bix. No, I do. I feel like I'm in the Witness Box. I don't recall your worship. No, yes, yes, I wake up in the underground car park at number 20 Charles Street. I don't recall your worship. Yes, yeah. Some of the senior officers can from time to time park their private cars there. It is. My wife and I own two between us. One's in her name, one's in my name. It is. He's 11, hopefully not. It was about quarter past 12. Bakery, little Vietnamese bakery. A pork roll, which is a bread roll with some carrot and lettuce and coriander and chilli and some pork meat and stuff on it. No, no. Would have knocked off about four. Yes, yes. No, no. Stop to get petrol on the way in. Yeah, yes, yes. Yes. Probably closer to six because I get petrol near Parramatta. There's not many petrol stations for the first 70km. Yes. Would have been about seven. No, spaghetti bolognese. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, it's okay. Don't recall. Don't think I've ever had it. Yep. Yes. Mythbusters. Other than the ads between. No, it's about 7.30, 8 o'clock, I think, later in the evening. Yes, maybe. Can't remember. My son controls the TV. No, no, about nine. No, no, we're in Caltex on the western side. Yes, yes, yes. No. Yep. Got me, you're too good for me. I stole the fuel. No, absolutely not. Of course. That bloke owes me money. What for? Because I hired him some equipment. That's right. Yep. Oh, that's because when I drove in, there was another car coming in and I just tailgated it straight through. No. Well, there is one, but again, that same bloke who I tailgated through, the gate went into the lift and I just went up with him. Yeah, yeah, he's swiping his passes and I just walked up with him. Yeah, he does. Yeah, I do. Yep. And so your video's wrong. Yep. Mm-hmm. Good luck for you. I came in at 6am. Yep. Oh, I probably did, yeah. I said, I think earlier I said I went out for coffee. Mm-hmm. About 9am. Coming back in then, yeah. I'm not exactly sure on that time, but it would have been somewhere around there. Sometime in the morning. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment.