 Okay, my alarm clock went at about 5.30, so I got up a few minutes after that. I had a shower and a shave and got dressed. I then went downstairs and said good morning to our dogs, gave them a little bit to eat and then made myself breakfast. For breakfast I had a bowl of porridge and a cut up apple and a cup of tea, white, no sugar. By that stage it was around about 6.20, so I cleaned my teeth and collected my bag and got in the car and drove to the station, parked the car and caught the 6.43 from Hornsby to Strathfield. And at Strathfield I got on another train, Strathfield to Parramatta, and so I was in at work at about 7.30, a little bit after that maybe. I didn't have any meetings yesterday, so I spent the day doing some paperwork which was necessary for a conference that we're attending next week and also working on a report on various aspects of forensic science that we're preparing for command in terms of projects related to various things. That took me up until around about lunchtime. It was very hot yesterday but I felt the urge to go for a walk just to get the blood circulating again, so I went for a walk for about 20 minutes and then returned and had lunch which I bought at the local sandwich shop which was a grilled chicken wrap with salad and a can of diet coke. I then continued with my reports, worked on those up until around about, well until about quarter to four at which point I turned off my computer, locked my office and went home. Again, train from Parramatta to Strathfield and then from Strathfield to Hornsby and then back home. For dinner I made a pumpkin feta and potato quiche which I had a small serve of when my wife got home at around about half past seven. She had her own dinner and then my son got home shortly after that and he had dinner as well, so we did not eat together last night which we try to do whenever we can. I then watched Four Corners and I can't remember what was on after that, so I read the paper until it was time to go to bed. My wife was Skyping to her brother in the United Kingdom so I just left him to it and went to bed and that was it. Probably it was about nine or quarter past nine by the time I went to bed, probably a little bit later than that. I didn't last night. Sunday, I'm trying to recall, I didn't get up at 5.30, I can guarantee that. I was probably up at around, I probably got up around about 8.30. We did go and visit our daughter and son-in-law and our grandchild and played with him for a little while and then I cleaned the swimming pool and that's all I can specifically recall we're doing on Sunday. I'm starting to push the bounds a little bit there. I do recall going to dinner with my wife at the local pub. We were intending to take my daughter and son-in-law out for dinner because it was his birthday last week but because they got an 18-month-old kid, the kid decided that was not a good idea so we celebrated John's birthday without him. That was the highlight of the Saturday as far as I can recall. We probably got home, it was an early dinner so we probably got home about 7.30. We drove, I drove, no, about 5.30am, that's when the alarm went off. Yes, I usually set the alarm for that early, yes. It was on the train that I caught to work. No, I did not notice any unusual incidents on the train. No, I caught the train from Hornsby to Strathfield, yep, no. I'm sure there is but I don't know it. There is a bus from Hornsby to Parramatta but I've never caught that either. No, I'm not aware of any incident. No, I left work at about quarter to four. When I got home, I made dinner which was the quiche that I alluded to earlier. Well, tartar really, not a quiche. Was that the Saturday? No, that was the Sunday we went to the daughter's place. Again, we drove, my wife and I drove. I drove. Yes, I did. We were travelling along Smith Street at around about midday. I did not travel earlier than that. Right, no, no I was not. No, I was not. No, there isn't. I would have noticed anything this morning when I looked at my vehicle when I drove it to the station. So there's no damage? No, there isn't. During the day, it's currently parked at Hornsby railway station. At home, it's parked in the driveway of my place. Yes, I do lend it to my wife drives it occasionally and my son. I don't recall specifically but I couldn't rule that out. Yes, we have two vehicles. Yes, it was as far as I'm aware. Yes, I was driving a red Toyota. Yeah, it's a blue Ford. The blue Ford was left at home and the Toyota Corolla, the red one, was the one that I was driving. All three of us, myself, my wife and our son. I haven't looked at that for damage for some time. I can't recall when. Long time ago. Again, I don't recall specifically but I couldn't rule out that possibility. Yes, yes, he is. Yes, I believe so. I don't know for certain. Right, no comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. No comment. Okay.